CARLSON: Good evening and welcome to TUCKER CARLSON TONIGHT.

A lot of Americans, a lot of people in the West are under severe pressure right now to conform, and most of them do conform because they're afraid.

But it's interesting to see who doesn't conform, who refuses to repeat the slogans, who stands up. Piers Morgan is one of those people. I am not sure you would have guessed that, but it's definitely true. He lost his job for telling what he believes is the truth.

We had a very long conversation with him today on "Tucker Carlson Today." We're going to show you big chunks of the interview in just a minute.

But first, we want to bring you up to date on maybe the defining story of this moment that hasn't gotten enough attention and that's the crisis on the border, the one in progress now, the one that will change this country for your grandchildren profoundly.

In the fall of 2018, not long before that year's midterm elections, Donald Trump ordered a small group of active duty soldiers to the American border with Mexico. Congress had refused to build his long promise wall and Trump wanted to highlight the severity of the illegal immigration crisis, which has been going on for decades.

In some ways, sending the troops was a symbolic gesture, only about 5,000 participated. For perspective on how many that is, that is far fewer, about half the number of troops that the Democratic Congress sent to Washington this winter to protect itself from an imaginary QAnon threat.

But for those with a vested interest in open borders -- virtually everyone in D.C. -- any military presence on our border was just too much, it was intolerable.

Official Washington went berserk when he did it. "Deploying troops to our own border for no national security reason is one of the biggest scandals of his presidency," declared a senator from Hawaii called Brian Schatz with what looked like carefully simulated outrage.

Congressman Filemon Vela of Texas who was then the head Democrat on the Subcommittee in charge of border security, described Trump's tiny trip deployment as a political ploy designed to quote, "appease his white nationalist supporters." It was racist. Of course, it was.

The so-called national security community claimed to be every bit as upset as their partners in the Democratic Party. "It's a craven misuse of the U.S. Armed Forces for an obvious political stunt," said the former National Security Council staffer called Kelly Magsamen, and that turned out to be the right thing to say for ambitious young players in D.C.

Less than three years later, Kelly Magsamen is now Chief of Staff to the Secretary of Defense, that would be the political activist and defense contractor, Lloyd Austin.

Hot headed Congressman Filemon Vela, meanwhile, the one who charged racism has now ascended to Vice Chairmanship of the D.N.C.

So in Washington, there is always a real payoff for those willing to repeat the necessary slogans. And then the border: how is the border doing these days? Remember the border?

Well, the military, our military is still involved in the immigration crisis, but not in the ways that you might expect. American troops are now occupied serving the needs, not of Americans, but of foreign nationals who have flagrantly violated our laws.

The Biden administration is turning our military bases into housing for illegal aliens. If that sounds like a partisan attack, something we just made up, watch the President's own flack brag about it.



JEN PSAKI, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Just in this past week, we've taken steps to bring a number of new facilities online from Fort Bliss, where there are 5,000 beds, to Lackland Air Force Base where there are 350 beds, San Diego Convention Center 1,400 beds. These three sites alone provide peak capacity and additional 6,750 beds.



CARLSON: So you break into our country, and in return, we give you free housing and medical care. Pretty generous. What's interesting is to note who's not getting that treatment.

Last night, more than half a million Americans spent the night in makeshift shelters or on the streets, they're homeless. But the Biden administration isn't even considering the use of the U.S. military to help them despite the fact that many are veterans. Instead, the administration is boasting about all they're doing for the people who have demonstrated pure contempt for our system, the system that some of us prefer and would like to preserve.

The press conference we just played a clip from was 10 days ago. No one in the media it seems to have bothered to follow up on that.

Fort Bliss for example, headquartered in El Paso, Texas, one of the largest army bases on the planet. How many illegal aliens are now living at Fort Bliss? How many are there right now? And the truth is we don't know.

We asked authorities at Fort Bliss, point blank that question today, but they refused to tell us. Instead, they referred us to their bosses in the Biden administration, to the political commissar.

America has no right to know how many illegal aliens are living on our military bases. And neither, by the way do elected Members of Congress who are charged with overseeing all of this, but they can't know. Watch what happened when one of them tried to find out.



UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Please give dignity to the people. Please give dignity to the people.

VOICE OF SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): So you work for the Commissioner. You're a senior adviser. You were hired two weeks ago, and you're instructed to ask us to not have any pictures taken here?

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Please respect the people -- the rules.

CRUZ: Because the political leadership at D.H.S. does not want the American people to know it.

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Please don't treat the people -- as such.

CRUZ: You're right and this is a dangerous place.

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Please don't treat the people like this. That's all I ask.

CRUZ: And your policy is, unfortunately, are trying to hide them. I understand. You were instructed.

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's all I ask you.

CRUZ: When 18 senators came down here --

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I ask you to please respect the people. Give then dignity and respect.

CRUZ: I respect them and I want to fix this situation.

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are one of the system. We don't want this to happen anymore.

CRUZ: And the administration you're working for is responsible for these conditions.



CARLSON: "Please give dignity to the people," squeaks the Women's Studies major from Wesleyan who is now overseeing all of this somehow. "Please respect the people," she says, meaning of course, the foreign nationals whose interest the Biden administration is now serving.

Notice the total lack of respect for the American people, the ones who deserve precise answers, who deserve to see what's happening, but don't get it. They can shut up and pay for it.

Officials at H.H.S., which we referred by Fort Bliss gave us no numbers today when we asked how many people are living at Fort Bliss? They did assure us however that quote, "Military personnel will not be staffing this site or providing care for the children," end quote.

That is a lie. Flat out, it is not true. It is a lie. It's a crock.

We spoke to a person with direct knowledge of this subject this morning, a relative to someone who just deployed to Fort Bliss to take care of the illegal aliens there.

As of today, the military has constructed at least six enormous tents at Fort Bliss, each of which will house approximately 1,000 illegal aliens, more tents are coming.

But because it really is Orwell at this point, military personnel have been instructed. And when you're instructed in the military, you must obey. It's a crime not to. They've been told they are not allowed to take photographs of these tents. Those tents are now national security secrets like missile silos.

Why are they hiding this? So they can lie to the rest of us. Some details have leaked out about what's happening at the border. Here's one: the Border Patrol announced today, they have detained at least two people so far, whose names were on the Federal terror watch list. Both men came from Yemen, you see their pictures on the screen, both just crossed from Mexico into California.

So it's not just willing workers, it is not just fruit pickers who are taking advantage of the total chaos that Joe Biden has unleashed along our border. Of course, our mortal enemies are taking advantage of it, too. And that raises the question: how many potential terrorists have crossed the border in the last three months and not been caught? That's a fair question.

How many gang members have? How many rapists and murderers? You can say that you're not allowed to ask that question, but of course, you are.

If you live in this country, you should be asking that question. It's not racist to wonder, it's real.

How many pounds of fentanyl have crossed over? How many more Americans will die from that drug? The truth is, we don't know the answers to any of these questions.

We do know that Washington lies about numbers constantly. You see it everywhere. They tell us inflation isn't real. It's not happening. Look around. Yes, it is happening. It's entirely real.

They tell us there are 11 million foreign nationals living in the United States, when we know for a fact that the real number is closer to three times that, yet they keep lying, 11 million.

Sources familiar with Internal Customs and Border Protection data have confirmed to FOX News that officers so far have encountered 171,000 illegal immigrants in the month of March alone, in one month. That's a 418 percent increase from March of last year. But that does not represent the total of people who crossed over. Those are the ones who were caught. Those are just the ones that we know about.

The real number is higher, much higher. How high is it? It's high enough to change this country forever in every conceivable way. It's high enough to devalue your political power as a voter. It's high enough to subvert democracy itself. It's high enough to make this country a different place.

But again, we don't know the number. Why is that? We have absolutely the right to know. We should demand to know now.

Clay Higgins is a Member of Congress from the State of Louisiana. He was at the border recently, and he has what seems to be a more realistic understanding of what exactly is happening there, and so we're happy to have him today.

Congressman, thank you for coming on. What do you think the real number of people crossing, foreign nationals crossing illegally, purely contemptuous of our laws into our country every month?

REP. CLAY HIGGINS (R-LA): Well, during the month of March, Tucker the real number is closer to a quarter of a million. If you have 172,000 apprehensions or interdictions, then the real number of illegal crossings would be somewhere close to a quarter of a million because we've never caught 100 percent of illegal crossings as everyone knows, a good solid number to keep in mind historically has been about 85 percent.

And now, because the Biden policies have pulled law enforcement primary mission, men and women off the border, and out of law enforcement rolls into processing centers to help with -- those guys are overwhelmed. The numbers is just too much.

Obviously, the interdiction percentages have gone down. So, if you have 172,000 documented law enforcement interactions with illegal crossings, and you run in an interdiction percentage of around 70 percent now, as my sources tell me, then the quarter of a million illegal crossings in the month of March becomes a frighteningly real number.

It's all 100 percent due to the Biden policies and a lack of law enforcement, the lack of allowing law enforcement to do their job.

When you pull these men off of their primary mission, which is securing the border and task them with processing centers. When law enforcement on the border becomes facilitators of illegal crossing, then you've opened the floodgates.

But I didn't even expect it to be as bad as it is, for the month alone, where I have been saying we've had -- we would have 150,000 and March is a lot higher than that.

CARLSON: A quarter million a month, a brand new City of Chicago every year. People who clearly have no respect for our country.

Congressman Clay Higgins, I appreciate and I hope you'll come back as you learn more. Thank you.

HIGGINS: Yes, sir. There's more.

CARLSON: There certainly is.

So was the last election rigged? Well, it depends how you define it.

We know that right before the last election, "The New York Post" reported that a laptop had been abandoned at a Delaware computer shop. Whether it was abandoned there, that is an open question. What is not an open question is that the contents on that laptop were entirely real and they contained messages exposing the Biden family's overseas influence peddling operation.

Well, immediately, Silicon Valley called the story Russian disinformation, Twitter banned "The New York Post." Facebook censored the piece.

But on Sunday, Hunter Biden admitted to CBS that actually, yes, it might have been his data.



QUESTION: Was that your laptop?

HUNTER BIDEN, SON OF PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN: For real, I don't know.

QUESTION: I know. But you know, that's -- this is --

H. BIDEN: I really don't know.

QUESTION: Okay, you don't know, yes or no, if the laptop was yours?

H. BIDEN: I don't have any idea. I have no idea whether --

QUESTION: So it could have been yours.

H. BIDEN: Of course, certainly. There could be a laptop out there that was stolen from me. It could be that I was hacked. It could be that it was -- that it was Russian intelligence. It could be that it was stolen from me.



CARLSON: It could be that it was Russian intelligence. Well, guess who would know the answer to that fairly precisely? The Biden administration -- they control the most sophisticated intelligence apparatus in the history of the world.

So if Russian intelligence had any role in putting that laptop in the computer repair store, you would know about it in great detail. Trust me.

There may have been a foreign government involved, it wasn't Russia, or you would know. Trust us.

Miranda Devine is a columnist for "The New York Post." She's the author of the upcoming book "Laptop from Hell: Hunter Biden, Big Tech and the Dirty Secrets the President Tried to Hide." She joins us tonight.

Miranda, I appreciate your coming on. If anyone deserves one of those stupid journalism prizes, it's you because you kept the faith with your readers throughout this. They tried to intimidate you into shutting up and you wouldn't.

So with retrospect, having just written a book on the subject, tell us what we've learned from this laptop, which is real?

MIRANDA DEVINE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it's an enormous amount of wrongdoing, Tucker on the laptop and the Bidens basically have gotten away with it. They had last year, of course, after our stories came out, they had Big Tech colluding with the establishment media to cover up, to suppress and censor the story, and make sure that it didn't see the light of day before the election.

And of course, then after the election, Jack Dorsey from Twitter says, oh, it was a mistake to lock "The New York Post's" account for two weeks. That's very convenient.

And so now, Hunter Biden is doing, I guess, the last stage of this sort of laundering operation and that's with this memoir that is coming out tomorrow, "Beautiful Secrets" or whatever it's called "Beautiful Things." And he pretends in there that he's come clean on all the bad things that are in the laptop.

He said today on one of his interviews that you don't need the laptop because you've got his book.

Well, I'm here to tell you that is not true. The only thing he's been vaguely honest about in his book is the crack addiction. But there is so much else. For instance, in his book, he says that he is the father proudly of three daughters and one son. He doesn't mention a fifth child, a two- year-old girl who is somewhere in Arkansas, whose mother was a stripper that used to go to -- one that used to work one of the clubs that he frequented in D.C., and she had to go to court, press a paternity suit against him to prove that it was his child.

In the book, he says that he can't even remember any fleeting assignation he might have had with this woman, but that's not true either. The laptop shows that he had a relationship for at least five months with Lunden Roberts, the 28-year-old stripper, who bore his child in November of 2018.

In fact, he used to sneak her into his office building in D.C. late at night to such an extent that the building managers actually had to write to him and ask him to stop doing it. And he took great umbrage at that and fired back a 1,500-word diatribe against them, telling them that Lunden Roberts was actually a basketball mentor for his daughter and Sasha Obama's daughter, the daughter of President Obama, and how dare they question him. So that's another lie.

And then you talk about the gun, the famous gun incident in October of 2018, when his then lover, Hallie Biden, who was of course the widow of his brother, she went and took his new gun and threw it in a trash can outside a market in Delaware and that caused a great furor.

You had to get the police and the F.B.I. and then a Secret Service came in to clean it up and Hunter lied about his crack addiction on the form two weeks earlier, in which -- the firearm form which he had to swear that he wasn't using drugs.

So, there's so much, Tucker.

CARLSON: Congratulations on the book, and thank you for reminding us that at a time when the Biden administration says you need a Federal background check to give your son a .22 for Christmas, that the President's son lied on a Federal background check for a firearm, committed a felony and was not prosecuted for it. It's a total outrage.

One of the most outrageous things I've ever seen, actually.

Miranda, I appreciate it, and again, congratulations on preserving your dignity and self-respect in doing the right thing through all of this.

Speaking of which, we had a long conversation with Piers Morgan today. He was forced out of his job for telling the truth. We spoke for more than an hour. Does he change his mind about Meghan Markle? Really interesting conversation. We've got a long clip for it -- from it, next.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

CARLSON: Piers Morgan lost his job last month in the U.K. for asking a pretty obvious question that all of us should be asking. How do the most powerful people in the world get away with pretending to be victims? You see it everywhere.

We had a very long and fascinating conversation with Piers Morgan today for our show "Tucker Carlson Today" on FOX Nation. Here's part of it.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

CARLSON: This, I think, looking back will be the moment that kind of changed the trajectory of your life and that changed a lot of other people as they watched it. Here's the moment that you walked off the set of the show that you hosted.



ALEX BERESFORD, HOST, "GOOD MORNING, BRITAIN": I understand that you don't like Meghan Markle, you've made it so clear a number of times on this program, a number of times.

You continue to trash her.

PIERS MORGAN, BROADCASTER: Okay, I'm done with this.

BERESFORD: No, no, no.

MORGAN: Sorry. No.

BERESFORD: Do you know what, that's pathetic.

MORGAN: You can trash man, but not on my show. See you later.

BERESFORD: I am being --

MORGAN: Sorry, can't do this.

BERESFORD: This is absolutely diabolical behavior.



CARLSON: So looking back, I'm convinced you're going to see that as a pivot point in your life you probably already do. Fill in the context around that moment. How did you get to that place? What happened before that moment?

MORGAN: So that was the Tuesday after the Monday show in which we had debated almost in real time, the Oprah 90-minute whine-a-thon with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and that had aired in America several hours before we did on the Monday morning.

And I watched it in truncated form. They took out all the commercials and just let me see it straight before we went on air. So it was like undiluted whine-a-thon thumb. And I watched this thing with mounting unease to start with, incredulity by the end, and a real sense of anger because what I was witnessing was the most extraordinarily disingenuous, smear hit job on the Royal Family, on the Queen, on the monarchy, and frankly, on Britain, my country. And I was not going to have it.

CARLSON: Tell us what you were -- I think you were pretty clear in your explanation but fill it out a little bit for us. Why were you so angered?

MORGAN: Well, the Queen is the head of the Commonwealth. She's 94 years old. She's been on the throne for 68 years.

Now, whatever your view of the monarchy, or the Queen, for that matter, she's the longest serving ruler of any kind in the world right now and she has huge, huge respect for many people in Britain and indeed around the world.

She's also head of the Commonwealth, which has many countries with which are predominantly with black citizens. So you look at this, you're accusing the Queen, of the monarchy and the institution of being racist. That's really what was going down here.

And there were two central charges, Tucker, for this alleged racism. One was what we've just heard, where Meghan Markle said there were several conversations while she was pregnant, in which Harry was having a conversation several times, she said, with a member of the Royal Family, who was talking about the potential skin color of the child.

Now, we don't know who that was. We don't know what the context of that conversation was.



MORGAN: Angry to the point of bawling over today, I'm sickened by what I've just said to watch.

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Okay.

MORGAN: No, no.

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: A number of people might be upset and moved by what they heard.

MORGAN: Sorry. You can defend it in a minute, I'm just going to say what I'm going to say.

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Okay.

MORGAN: This is a two-hour trash-a-thon of our Royal Family, of the monarchy, of everything the Queen has worked so hard for, and it's all being done as Prince Philip lies in hospital.

They trash everybody. They basically make out the entire Royal Family, a bunch of white supremacists by dropping this race bombshell without --

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's that phrase.

MORGAN: They didn't name any -- they didn't name, which one it was, they just throw it out there. So it could be any member of the Royal Family. And Harry says, I'll never say who it was. You better say it fast.



CARLSON: So the reason I wanted to play that is I really think that's where your life changed in that clip right there. Tell us what you were -- I think you were pretty clear in your explanation, but fill it out a little bit for us. Why were you so angered?

MORGAN: MORGAN: Well, the Queen is the head of the Commonwealth. She's 94 years old. She's been on the throne for 68 years.

Now, whatever your view of the monarchy, or the Queen, for that matter, she's the longest serving ruler of any kind in the world right now and she has huge, huge respect for many people in Britain and indeed around the world.

She's also head of the Commonwealth, which has many countries with which are predominantly with black citizens. So you look at this, you're accusing the Queen, of the monarchy and the institution of being racist. That's really what was going down here.

And there were two central charges, Tucker, for this alleged racism. One was what we've just heard, where Meghan Markle said there were several conversations while she was pregnant, in which Harry was having a conversation several times, she said, with a member of the Royal Family, who was talking about the potential skin color of the child.

Now, we don't know who that was.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

CARLSON: So for saying that, they took his job away and tried to destroy his life. What made Piers Morgan different from some of the others you've seen is that he refused to go along with it. He kept talking and in doing that, he became one of the world's foremost defenders of free speech. Not a job he ever thought he'd have or many of us thought he would, but that's what he does now.

We talked a lot about that in the next part of our conversation, which we'll have for you in just a minute.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

CARLSON: When Piers Morgan was forced off the air last month, we were told it was because he had insulted the fake Duchess from Los Angeles.

But on some level, it wasn't really about her even about him. It was about all of us and our right to say what we think is true in the supposedly free country. It was about free speech and the freedom of conscience.

He of course, is still editor-at-large at "The Daily Mail" and what he writes is still worth reading. But he is not on television right now, and again, that has implications for the freedom of speech around the world. He is part of our conversation.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

MORGAN: What I found was over five years, we trebled the ratings on "Good Morning, Britain." The last day, ironically, was, as you said, the first day we beat the BBC ever, and we had trebled our rating.

So you would have thought people might be thanking me. Instead, I was basically corralled into a position where I was told you either I've got to apologize for effectively disbelieving Meghan Markle's version of events here, or your position is untenable and you have to leave.

And my gut was I was going to be damned if I was going to apologize for something that I believe, and I just wasn't going to get down that road. I've seen too many people, when they're bullied by the woke brigade into apologizing. We saw it with Sharon Osborne. She was bullied into apologizing for defending me against a disgusting slur that I'm a racist.

Rather than the person who was accusing her, apologizing to me, Sharon Underwood for accusing me falsely of being a racist, Sharon had to apologize for her passionate defense of me, and then she lost her job anyway.

We saw recently the editor of "Teen Vogue," before she could even start, she apologized for years about stuff she tweeted as a 17-year-old kid, but that wasn't enough.

So apologies don't ever get you anywhere.

I don't believe Meghan Markle.

Now what I didn't know, and what was the fascinating thing to discover after I left was that Meghan Markle between the Monday and Tuesday had made a personal complaint to the boss of ITV, Dame Carolyn McCall. I didn't know that. I was never told that.

I don't know what pressure she was directly putting on, but she did, I know personally contacted her. I also know she had personally contacted along with Prince Harry, Ofcom, which is a government regulatory body designed to regulate what we put out on these shows.

So I was under attack from Miss Markle both directly to my boss, and to the government regulatory body, under attack to basically conform to her version of events and I had to believe her. And if I didn't, I was a callous racist, and I should be condemned, and ultimately, as it turned out later that day, lose my job.

And I think that's a pretty perilous slope, a journalist's job which is to express skepticism about some of the more outlandish claims like the secret wedding, like the story about Archie becoming a prince and so on, even down to small stuff like she'd never had any interest in the Royals when there are pictures of her draped over Buckingham Palace railings when she was a teenager and so on.

I should be able to be a journalist and question the veracity of those statements, and frankly, I should be allowed in a democracy that values freedom of speech, I should be allowed to say, I'm sorry, I don't believe you. But I wasn't.

I wasn't allowed to do that. It was Meghan's way and Meghan's narrative and Meghan's truth. That phrase was actually used by Oprah Winfrey, "This is your truth." What does that mean? When do we get to your truth?

This is the kind of defense, well, the kind of thing we would hear liberals attack Donald Trump for, for reinventing facts, for creating his own truth.

But when Meghan Markle does it, the same liberals that attacked Donald Trump cheer and applaud and say, "This is her truth, and it must be believed." And if you don't believe it, you're a racist.

Well, I'm sorry, I'm not a racist. I just don't believe her.

CARLSON: And no one points out the kind of underlying irony is that here you have two of the most powerful people in the world in Oprah Winfrey and Meghan Markle, both claiming to be victims. They're oppressed, they have more power than you.

They got you fired, but you're oppressing them. The strong pretending to be weak in order to crush people below them. Does anyone notice this dynamic?

MORGAN: But it's completely absurd, frankly. And I've written about this regularly for "The Daily Mail" about the ludicrous hypocrisy of this couple who by the way, contrary to what many Americans have been led to believe, the press coverage of these two right up to the wedding was completely over the top euphoric.

Everyone in Britain was thrilled that finally we were having a nonwhite bright in the Royal Family, it hadn't happened. We were all very happy about this. I wrote about how wonderful it was on the wedding day.

So this narrative that from the start, she was bombarded with horrible, hateful, racist press coverage is another disingenuous load of nonsense, fueled by "The Oprah Winfrey Show," where they flashed up a series of headlines.

But really where this leaves us is that you've got this concept, that somehow Meghan Markle, who married into one of the richest, most privileged families in the world and within a couple of years, has gone back to her home in California, is living in an $11 million mansion, is doing all sorts of enormous deals with Netflix, Spotify, you name it, they're taking the checks, hundreds of millions we read, and how are they getting those, Tucker? They're getting them because they're the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.

They're getting them off their Royal titles, the Royal titles bestowed on them by the very institution that in that interview with Oprah Winfrey, they say they can't stand and is suffocating and traps them and so on and so on.

But it cannot be both ways. If you really believe that way about the Royal Family and the monarchy, give up your titles, but they won't do that because it makes them too much money.

So now you have these two oppressed people living in a mansion in California, earning hundreds of millions of dollars in the middle of a pandemic that has killed nearly three million people, portraying themselves as the biggest victims in the world.

But there are many people who don't have our platform, who are getting wiped out, eradicated, lives destroyed, careers ended over the most ridiculous things. And it's got to stop, but it will only stop when the mass body of people who don't feel this way, who don't find themselves offended by absolutely everything, when they stand up and go, "Enough. I'm not going to let this happen."

The power of free speech, as Winston Churchill said, some people think free speech is absolutely fine right to the point they hear an opinion that they don't like, and then it's an outrage. But that's not what free speech is.

Free speech is about listening to an outrageous opinion you don't agree with and being able to accept that somebody else doesn't feel like you. That's what free speech is.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

CARLSON: Suffering does amazing things to people. They become very different in a short period of time. In the case of Piers Morgan, he has gotten a lot wiser and a lot braver and very much worth listening to. We spoke to him for over an hour today. It's available on demand at foxnation.com, if you want to watch.

Well, speaking of brave, Ron DeSantis may be the bravest governor, may be the only brave governor left in the United States. So of course "60 Minutes" decided to crush his political career before it got out of hand and he got elected to something bigger -- liars. We can prove they're liars. They manipulated the video.

Ron DeSantis joins us after the break to respond to that "60 Minutes" report. Stay tuned.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

CARLSON: Who are the best governors in the country? We don't really need to guess, just ask yourself: where are people moving? Are they moving to Michigan? Are they moving to New York? Are they moving to California? All great states, but run by total incompetents, political hacks, corrupt people.

No, they're moving to Florida, actually. People want to live a free American Life, they are moving to Florida.

Ron DeSantis is the Governor of Florida and if you're the Democratic Party or its minions in the media, that's a huge problem because the guy is succeeding. Clearly, that's why people are moving to his state, so you better crush him before he gets elected to something else.

Last night CBS did its best, "60 Minutes" reported that Ron DeSantis is bad because he authorized the supermarket chain, Publix, to distribute the corona vaccine in Florida. And he did that for one reason? Publix donated money to Ron DeSantis.

Is that real? Well, no.

First, the head of Florida's Emergency Management Department who is a Democrat tweeted that his division, not the Governor's Office had recommended Publix. Okay, so it's clearly not true. Then it emerged that "60 Minutes," deceptively edited their reporter's exchange with Ron DeSantis. Here's what they aired on the show.



QUESTION: Publix as you know, donated $100,000.00 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach.

GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): So first of all, what you're saying is wrong?

QUESTION: How is that not pay to play?

DESANTIS: That's a fake narrative. I met with the County Mayor, I met with the administrator, I met with all the folks at Palm Beach County and I said, here's some of the options. We can do more drive-thru sites. We can give more to hospitals. We can do the Publix and they said we think that would be the easiest thing for our residents.

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (voice over): But Melissa McKinley, the County Commissioner in the Glades told us the Governor never met with her about the Publix deal.

QUESTION: The criticism is that it's pay to play, Governor.

DESANTIS: It's wrong. It's wrong. It's a fake narrative. I just disabused you of the narrative and you don't care about the facts.



CARLSON: So that's the woman CBS sent down to stop Ron DeSantis before he gets bigger and that's what they aired on the show. Here's the full tape.



DESANTIS: As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties. You had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more.

So we reached out to other retail pharmacies -- Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission. And we said we're going to -- we're going to use you as soon as you're done with that.

For the Publix, they were the first one to raise their hand and say they were ready to go. And you know what? We did it on a trial basis. I had three counties. I actually showed up that weekend and talked to seniors across four different Publix. How was the experience? Is this good? Should you think this is a way to go? And it was a hundred percent positive.



CARLSON: Funny, you didn't see any of that in "60 Minutes." Apparently, they ran out of minutes. We don't spend a lot of time defending politicians on the show. Normally, we attack them and enjoy it.

But this was such an obvious hit, such a transparent political move that we just couldn't resist. We wanted to talk to the Governor himself, Ron DeSantis, Governor of Florida joins us tonight.

Governor, thanks so much for coming on. It's kind of hard to imagine. I was just thinking the other day, all of these people moving to Florida, they're probably going to try and take out DeSantis pretty soon, it didn't take them long, did it?

DESANTIS: Well, not only that, Tucker, but lost in this is, we vaccinated now three and a half million senior citizens. We were the first state to say we're doing seniors first. We're not going to follow the C.D.C.'s recommendation, and what we have done has worked, and they didn't want to discuss that.

And obviously they selectively edited the background. They tried to act like there was a conspiracy with Publix, ignoring the fact that other pharmacies were involved before Publix, doing all our long-term care facilities and ignoring the fact that I met with the County Mayor who is now as a Democrat who said what "60 Minutes" has done is bunk.

But Palm Beach calculated 90 percent of their seniors live within a mile and a half of a Publix. So when we put it in there, their numbers started going through the roof. So it succeeded there. But you what they didn't tell you also, Tucker, is when there was a need in a more rural part of the county like near Lake Okeechobee, we set up a separate site and a small town called Pahokee. They didn't tell you that.

They didn't tell you that we were doing African-American Church vaccination drives before Publix ever gave a single shot. They didn't tell you that. They didn't tell you that hospitals were doing shots starting in the third week of December because it didn't fit the narrative.

They don't believe in facts. It was a political narrative. It was done with malicious intent and a reckless disregard for the truth. They would not talk to the people who were most relevant to this because they know those key Democrats, Jared Moskowitz, Mayor Dave Kerner would blow up their narrative, so they just put their head in the sand and pretended like those facts didn't exist.

CARLSON: I didn't watch the show because it's sad to see something as great as "60 Minutes" so thoroughly degraded as it has been, but really quick, did they mention the bottom line number, which is the corona death rate? How does Florida's death rate compared to say, I don't know New York or California?

DESANTIS: Well, New York is one of the top in the country. Florida, there's 26 states that are higher than Florida per capita mortality and there are 40 states that are higher than us for 65 and up mortality, which is that was our focus.

And now since we vaccinated so many seniors, we are seeing the hospitalizations among seniors plummet. So what we did has worked, and obviously they were in Florida for three months, "60 Minutes," trying to dredge up any dirt that they could use to smear me, and the best they could come up with is a baseless conspiracy theory that was easily debunked not just by me, which they had to edit out, but by two very prominent Democrats in the State of Florida.

CARLSON: I doubt it will be the last. If people keep coming to your state, I have the feeling, we'll see more "60 Minutes" on you and not in a good way.

Ron DeSantis, Governor of Florida. Thank you.

DESANTIS: Thanks.

CARLSON: Well, the one thing you know about Pete Buttigieg, if that's really his name, other than he once worked at McKinsey as a consultant wrecking America is that he cares a lot about the environment and that's why he rides a bike wherever he goes.

But we've got some video you may have seen that suggests, actually, he's not really much of a bike rider. He is more an SUV man.

Greg Gutfeld joins us next to break down that video.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

CARLSON: So Pete Buttigieg, the former Mayor of South Bend is now our Transportation Secretary, his main concern is how to get from here to there. He rides his bike because it's like, he was a good person. Oh wait, someone videotaped it the other day, it turns out Pete Buttigieg drives in an armored SUV and pretends to ride his bike.

Oh, are you surprised that he's not what he seems to be? That Pete Buttigieg is false?

Greg Gutfeld is the host of "Gutfeld" premieres tonight, FOX News 11:00 p.m. Eastern. He joins us to assess.

First of all, congrats on the show. It is exciting. I'll be watching. Everyone I know is going to be watching. Congrats.

GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "GUTFELD": Yes, and thank you, Tucker. Thank you, Tucker. I appreciate it. I'm just so thrilled that you would do an hour on FOX Nation with Piers Morgan and leave me one minute left on your show. That makes me feel really good, Tucker.

CARLSON: No, I would say, no, no, a minute twenty.

GUTFELD: How dare you.

CARLSON: Look, if you get fired for attacking Meghan Markle, you're going to get -- you get an extra 55 minutes. I'm serious. Go ahead.

GUTFELD: You know that I -- you know, Tucker, that I walked across the street. I walked across the street to do this show.

I'm sitting in a van for 40 seconds. Do you know what that's like? The amount of sacrifice that I put into this?

CARLSON: Yes. But your carbon footprint, unlike Pete Buttigieg is virtually zero. Did you ride in an armored SUV on the way to the show?

GUTFELD: He is the Rosie Ruiz of Transportation Secretaries. Am I right? Rosie Ruiz -- did you understand that joke?

CARLSON: Rosie Ruiz. I do. She faked the Boston and New York Marathon. She took the subway. Died a few years ago of cancer in Florida. I just looked her up because I had the same thought, and that's why you should watch Greg Gutfeld's show tonight because he's really smart and funny as hell and he is on in just a few hours.

GUTFELD: I hate you for doing --

CARLSON: And with that, Greg, I appreciate the conversation we had about Meghan Markle.

We just cut him off. We will be back tomorrow.

CARLSON: Good evening and welcome to TUCKER CARLSON. TONIGHT.
Loudoun County, Virginia right outside Washington, D.C. was for a very long time, for generations, a reasonable place. It was orderly and calm. It was well-maintained.
Loudoun County famously worked certainly in contrast to the city nearby, and then two things happened to Loudoun County. First, lots of Federal money flowed in. All those government contracts in Washington made Loudoun County rich. In fact, Loudoun County is now the single richest county in the entire United States.
And that's been a problem because any place you find easy money, you will also inevitably find large numbers of unhappy white liberals, those brittle neurotics with the masks on screaming at everyone else to get in line. Loudoun County has a whole bunch of those people now.
It also has a huge number of immigrants. One out of every four people in Loudoun County was born in another country. Now, in general, most immigrants are not very liberal at all, actually, in fact, many of them have what would now be described as extreme right-wing positions on social issues.
If you ever have a chance to ask a Salvadoran what he thinks of transgenderism, it'll make you laugh, probably nervously. You'll look around to see if anyone heard it.
But as a practical matter, it doesn't matter at all what immigrants, what Salvadorans or Pakistanis think of social issues or how they organize their own families. Immigrants vote overwhelmingly for the Democratic Party, and those votes give more power, not to them, but to those unhappy white liberals who want to blow everything up. And that's why -- mystery solved - - a lot of places with high levels of recent immigrants tend to be far more liberal than those immigrants themselves.
It's interesting and that's definitely true in Loudoun County, Virginia.
Take a look at the schools if you don't believe it. Loudoun County used to have famously good schools, people wanted to send their kids to those schools. Now those schools are run by lunatics who hate the country. It happened fast, it always does.
Here's a video from a County School Board Meeting just two days ago. The first person you're going to see in this video is a middle school teacher called Andrea Weiskopf. Now, as you watch this, keep in mind that Andrea Weiskopf is actually a middle school teacher. She's not a paid actor. We didn't make her up to prove a point. She is entirely real down to the ostentatiously displayed pronouns in her Twitter bio.
Here's Miss Weiskopf explaining how the book "To Kill a Mockingbird," a book the rest of us assumed was all about why racism is bad, is in fact itself racist because it causes something called racial trauma due to the fact there are white people in it.

ANDREA WEISKOPF, MIDDLE SCHOOL TEACHER: It's funny how they are so afraid of their children seen another view of sexuality, gender, or religion. If you want to talk about books that are assigned, let's read "To Kill a Mockingbird" together.
If you aren't willing to consider the racial trauma this assigned book causes black children with its white saviorism, then you have no business discussing any books.

CARLSON: Oh, so if you don't consider "To Kill a Mockingbird" racist says Andrea Weiskopf, then, quote, "You have no business discussing any books." Can you even imagine what this lady's personal life must be like? Miserable does not even begin to describe it. Desperate, hellish.
But if she somehow looks familiar, there's a reason for that. You've heard a lot of lectures like this recently from people like Andrea Weiskopf, stupid people telling you what you're allowed to say and read. That's essentially 2021 summed up in a single sentence.
The scariest part is, they are telling your kids the exact same thing all day, every day in school. So what effect is that having on your kids? On all of our kids? On the country itself? Well, over time, the effect is unimaginable.
For the last year, most parents who put up with this, either they didn't know it was happening or they felt powerless to stop it from happening. They were afraid to object, to speak up, as lunatics like Andrea Weiskopf hurt their children.
But that's changing, finally. Some parents have had enough of this. Watch this mother at this week's Loudoun County School Board meeting.

SHAWNTEL COOPER, CONCERNED PARENT: CRT is not an honest dialogue, it is a tactic that was used by Hitler and the Klu Klux Klan on slavery very many years ago to dumb down my ancestors, so we could not think for ourselves.
CRT is racist. It is abusive. It discriminates against one's color.
Let me educate you, an honest dialogue does not oppress. An honest dialogue does not implement hatred or injustice. It is to communicate without deceiving people.
Today, we don't need your agreement. We want action and a backbone for what we asked for today, to ban CRT.
I had to come down here today to tell it to your face that we are coming together and we are strong. This will not be the last greet and meet, respectfully.

CARLSON: Oh, yes. The woman you just saw is called Shawntel Cooper and she deserves an award. Someone please give her an award. "Critical race theory is racist," said Shawntel Cooper and she is absolutely right. It certainly is racist.
It is obviously aggressively, flamboyantly racist. Hurting people because of their skin color is the entire point of critical race theory. There is no other point of it. And yet, it is now Federal policy.
Last month, the Department of Education proposed a regulation that directs tax dollars to the race hustlers who traffic in this poison. The administration specifically cited the work of Ibram Kendi, real name Henry Rogers, as well as the entirely fraudulent 1619 Project headed by Nikole Hannah-Jones.
So what are these people like? Well, we're going to show you. This show has just obtained a clip, an event held a few days ago by the Oregon Department of Education. Nikole Hannah-Jones spoke at that event, along with a Portland State Professor called Ethan Johnson who supposedly chairs the school's Black Studies Department.
According to this Ethan Johnson and you may be surprised to learn this, slavery is still going.

ETHAN JOHNSON, PROFESSOR, PORTLAND STATE UNIVERSITY: One of the things that is really important, I think, is to not frame slavery as a legacy, but as it's still here. Its legacy suggests that it's over and there are some remnants of it moving forward.
And I would suggest that no, slavery is right here.
The idea of where the slave is, is still here. And we're living that.

CARLSON: Okay, so the Civil War never happened. It turns out that your ancestors weren't killed or maimed trying to end slavery. Abraham Lincoln never signed the Emancipation Proclamation. Slavery is still underway.
That's the view of some guy who is literally claiming to be a college professor. But he's not alone. People like that are in charge of the schools now. Low IQ vandals wrecking what they did not built from the very bottom to the very top. They are everywhere. We could give you endless examples. Here's just one because it happened just hours ago.
The State of California has announced its new Mathematics framework for students across the state, our biggest state. One of the authors of this framework is a Stanford Professor called Jo Boaler. Here's how she explained the plan. These are her words, quote: "I'm very pleased to announce the new Mathematics Framework for California. Some highlights: a strong social justice orientation."
"All students should take the same courses, kindergarten through 10th grade. Viva La Math Revolution."
Right. Numbers are racist, kill them.
It's lunacy. It's the French Revolution. The stuff is everywhere.
Have you ever taken a look at the books that your kids are being assigned in school? Have you actually read them?
Parents in Loudoun County actually did read them, and one mother had the temerity to read portions of those books allowed at the Loudoun County School Board meeting. Watch.

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Jasper wasn't even my boyfriend, just this dude I did some hacking with once in a while. He was pretty basic library systems, low security [bleep]. Not in my league at all.
But he had a big [bleep] and sometimes a girl just needs a big [bleep].
Her top lip curled up. Wait a minute, is that what's really going on? She did your homework, and you ate her [bleep]? Is that why you're crying?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's okay. It's cool. This is what girls do at parties. I told myself and kept dancing with the boy. I couldn't see the alcohol making my waist wind faster.
If this is inappropriate for me to read to you. This is inappropriate for our children.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: How much did the billion-dollar porn industry contribute at LCPS? My question is now: are you going to use the whole language approach to coincide with is vile reading and teach pole dancing in PE?

CARLSON: No, that was not "To Kill a Mockingbird" with Scout and Boo Radley. That's racist. What you just heard were excerpts from anti-racist books that have been officially approved by Loudoun County teachers.
Here's a man called Brandon Michon trying to read more from those books, daring to read aloud from the books that Loudoun County children are told to read. Watch how they try and shut him up as he does.

BRANDON MICHON, CONCERNED PARENT: I'm going to read an excerpt from a freshman Honors English class in Stonebridge.
She's a hoe, just like your sister, [bleep] every dude on the courts.
It's time for LCPS to get their acts and their house in order. The curtain has been pulled back. And people can now see the deficient leadership that's been in this county.
My five-year-old is being peddled transgender books in her library. Teenagers are being served pornography under the guise of young adult literature. Do something. Be a leader. Because you know what, the citizens of this county deserve better and if you're not willing to do it --
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you please cover your nose with your mask?
MICHON: You're all vaccinated -- what the freak. Give me 10 seconds back. Give me 10 seconds back.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You know the rules. Thank you.

CARLSON: Wear your mask when you criticize us. It's a pandemic. In the end, they just cut off his mic.
On this show, we are happy to hear what he has to say. So that man, Brandon Michon joins us right now.
Brandon, thanks so much for coming on. You were told to wear your obedience mask when you speak to your elders. And then in the end, they just -- they just shut off the PA system and wouldn't let you talk at all. So finish your sentence, if you would on this show.
We are not going to cut your mic. What were you trying to tell the School Board in Loudoun County?
MICHON: Yes, well, the message to the School Board is parents are fed up and the curtain has been pulled back across the U.S. and the education system. And what we're seeing and what you saw in the videos you posted before, were our -- you know, the children are being shown material that Hollywood can't even make into a movie that they can watch.
And so I'm just asking for them to step up and be leaders, and if you're not willing to do it, step aside. Or if you're not willing to do it, find a way for others to you know, find a solution for you.
CARLSON: One thing I noticed about all the different revolutionary changes they're inflicting on our kids is that they're all dumb. I mean, the standards have been completely debased. So we can't teach Math because it's racist. We can't teach real books because they're racist.
But the things that replace Math and the literature are dumb. I mean, they're not well written. They're not smart. This is -- we're making the kids dumb. Are they aware of this?
MICHON: I don't know. I think every time we ask for answers, there's no response. I think you're seeing local officials looking to state officials who are looking to the national government who is looking backwards to state and local.
What we need is our School Boards to bring it back to education. We need our School Boards to make and put each other accountable. We need them to say enough is enough, if you have an administration who has put in material that isn't appropriate, make change. But if you're not willing to do that, then you know, listen to the parents, because they're the ones who are having to deal with this on a daily basis.
CARLSON: This is at least the second time that you have told the School Board what you think. How have people in your community reacted to those widely shared videos of you telling the truth in a School Board meeting?
MICHON: It's been overall positive. I mean, I've heard from people all across the country saying thanks for speaking up. Thanks for being, you know, an advocate for the students.
CARLSON: Yes.
MICHON: But what we're trying to do, at least locally is we're trying to get the School Board members out of there. We did this last week, and we got 1,500 signatures to try to remove six of the Board members who are, you know, actively not trying to participate and put the education first. They care more about themselves and what they post on Facebook than they do about the better education of young students.
CARLSON: I can't say it strong enough, bless you, for not being passive and for trying to fix it. Really quick, do you think you can get these School Board members bounced soon?
MICHON: I would hope so. We've built a lot of momentum. But the thing is, all across the U.S., parents are becoming vocal and what -- teachers have unions, but students don't have a union. What they have is parents who care for them and parents who want to see their best education, and what we can continue to do is fight for that, the best education for our families and for our children.
CARLSON: That's right. Stay and fight. Brandon Michon, thank you so much for what you're doing and for joining us tonight.
MICHON: Thanks for having me.
CARLSON: So all across the country, you are seeing signs as we said a minute ago that parents have decided this is too much. It is hurting their children. It's destroying the schools that they built, and they're not going to put up with it.
One of the groups that has arisen as part of this movement is called Parents Defending Education. Erika Sanzi is the Director of Outreach at Parents Defending Education. We're happy to have her on tonight.
Erika, thanks so much for coming on. Tell us what you're trying to do with this group.
ERIKA SANZI, DIRECTOR OF OUTREACH, PARENTS DEFENDING EDUCATION: Tucker, thank you for having me. So, we, as a group are doing a variety of things. Essentially, we're trying to address what we see as an alarming increase in activism in the classroom, in reducing children and staff, actually, to their immutable traits, to focusing on social identities such as their race and their gender. And then -- and forcing children now to see one another as either oppressors or as oppressed.
But we are also -- so we're here as a resource. And we're here to help parents gain the confidence to know that they're not crazy when they feel like something is wrong and their gut is telling them that something is wrong.
We are here to help them to -- we're here to help them know what to ask, to teach them, what are these words that they are suddenly hearing constantly? What do they mean? And how do they pin their administration down on defining terms? We are here to teach people how to file Freedom of Information Act requests, so that they can see and connect the dots between what they're suddenly getting in e-mails from their schools, what their children are bringing home and what money is being spent on that?
So we're really here as a resource for lots of things, and a really important point to make about this is, we are inundated every single day with reports and submissions and documents and screenshots and e-mails from parents across the political spectrum from every single racial group from, every single, you know, socioeconomic class. I have not seen much of anything bipartisan recently, and this is a bipartisan phenomenon that almost feels like a tidal wave.
CARLSON: Yes. That's exactly -- that's exactly right. And I'm not even going to ask you why it's been a year of this before you know, people started to fight back, but I'm just glad it's happening. I am really grateful that it is happening.
Last question to you, Erika, have you seen pushback from schools? And how are they responding to this?
SANZI: Oh, absolutely. We see pushback from schools all the time. We see them refuse to respond to questions in e-mails. We see them telling parents that they don't even have the right to look at their children's online assignments.
We see them refusing to respond. We see them refusing to respond to e- mails, and then we see them kind of, you know, again, shifting the definitions and making people feel like they're going crazy.
Because suddenly, when the definition that they're using is shown to be toxic and damaging to children. They will quickly shift. So yes, we are seeing pushback. Now, are there some success stories? Yes, I would point to South Lake Texas as a place where we just recently saw some success in the community pushing back.
But it takes courage, and the people that are pushing this in the schools, they are relying on parents feeling intimidated. They are relying on parents staying silent because they don't want to be called the ugly names like a racist, and a transphobe and a bigot. But yet, you have to plow through the name calling because reducing children to their immutable traits, shaming and denigrating them is never acceptable, even when we're talking about really, really complex problems.
CARLSON: That's right. It's totally immoral. You have the moral high ground. They can't do this to your children. Don't put up with it, not for one second, no matter what they call you.
Thank you for that reminder. Erika, great to see you tonight.
SANZI: Thank you for having me.
CARLSON: So just a few days ago, the C.D.C. was telling us to triple mask, which of course we did. Almost drowned in the shower, but we did it anyway because they told us to. Now we've got some brand new guidance. It sent a lot of public health experts into a panic. We'll tell you what it is next.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
CARLSON: So the Burning Man Festival was canceled last month because of COVID-19, and when it was, we suggested a new event to take its place called Burning Mask. That would be five days of totally free breathing in the desert because you can open your mouth and air would come in, totally unimpeded by moist cotton clinging to your face.
Well, today the C.D.C. which obviously watches the show came around to our idea and they announced that we actually don't need masks anymore.

DR. ROCHELLE WALENSKY, DIRECTOR, CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION: Anyone who is fully vaccinated can participate in indoor and outdoor activities, large or small without wearing a mask or physical distancing.

CARLSON: That was Rochelle Walensky, the C.D.C. Director who has clearly had a kind of road to Damascus conversion. It was just a few days ago -- and we checked the tape and it's real -- that this very same Rochelle Walensky, if that's a real name was telling us that she wouldn't let her vaccinated son go to summer camp. It was that dangerous.
And the C.D.C., of course, was telling us all to triple mask, which we did, and turned blue from oxygen loss. They were telling people to wear masks outdoors at sporting events and concerts, on your bicycle while jogging.
But that's all gone now. Now, we don't need to wear masks.
The White House has also caught on to this. They are now admitting that you're allowed to ask questions about the coronavirus vaccine. Woah.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: While vaccines are great. They're having a massive impact. All questions that people have are reasonable, whether it's for themselves or their children.

CARLSON: Oh, so you are allowed to ask questions about the coronavirus vaccine. It doesn't make you an anti-vaxxer. But you're not allowed to refuse it. You can ask all the questions you want, but in the end, you will take it. And if you don't, Joe Biden declared today, you will wear your mask forever.

JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: But if you've not been vaccinated, or if you've getting a two-shot vaccine, and you've not gotten your -- you've only had your first shot, but not your second, or you haven't waited the full two weeks after your second shot, you still need to wear a mask. Get vaccinated or wear a mask until you do.

CARLSON: The President of the United States announcing that he somehow has the power to decide what you wear. That's never happened before.
Miranda Devine isn't from this country, but she watches carefully. She is a columnist with the "New York Post." She joins us tonight. Miranda, thanks so much for coming on. I have just one question for you, and it's a totally sincere question, as most of the questions on this show are. If you have been vaccinated and more power to you, not against it at all, why are you worried about whether or not other people wear masks? How are maskless people or any people regardless of infection status, a threat to you if you've been fully vaccinated? Honestly?
MIRANDA DEVINE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, honestly, I do think it's because of this concept of herd immunity that the more people who get vaccinated, the more the virus recedes and, you know, eventually would be stamped out like mumps and rubella and polio and so on.
But the fact is that, this government, this administration has done such a terrible job of selling the vaccine. You have -- you know, the science has not changed for this, you know, miraculous hallelujah moment today, where suddenly, we're told the bleeding obvious, which is that if you're vaccinated, you don't need to wear a mask.
But Joe Biden was one of the first people in the country to get vaccinated back in December and he has been clinging to his mask like a security blanket ever since.
You know, a couple of weeks ago, he came outside and gave a press conference because the C.D.C. had announced you didn't need to wear a mask outside if you've been vaccinated, and he wore a mask to the podium outside to announce that and, you know, he just sends the message with everything he has done that he does not believe that the vaccines work.
CARLSON: Well, right.
DEVINE: And so of course, people are going to be skeptical.
CARLSON: Well, but you make the point so clearly. He and his ridiculous Vice President kissing her husband while they're both wearing masks outside after they've been vaccinated. Displays like that have done more than any anti-vaxxer or forbidden figures like Robert Kennedy, Jr, who everyone, I guess, is required to hate for some reason, way more than any of those people, Kamala and Joe Biden have undermined confidence in the vaccines.
DEVINE: They did it from day one. Remember when they were saying that they didn't trust the vaccine that Donald Trump had anything to do with? Andrew Cuomo in New York was going to set up his own little test lab to figure out if the vaccine actually worked. And then he got desperate because New Yorkers were saying we don't want it.
You know, it's a very delicate thing, and when they had the pause after the Johnson & Johnson vaccine had a few blood clot issues, coupled with their sort of mixed messages on the vaccine, of course, vaccine take up went down the tubes.
CARLSON: Of course.
DEVINE: They don't believe in the vaccine, and yet they are forcing everybody to wear masks. It makes no sense.
CARLSON: If the Kamala lady is kissing her husband while wearing a mask outside after she claims to have been vaccinated. I mean, that that does not inspire confidence at all -- at all. That's weird, too.
Miranda, thank you. Weird, really weird.
DEVINE: Thanks, Tucker.
CARLSON: So the AR-15 is the most popular rifle in America. Most people buy AR-15s are law-abiding. Very few crimes are committed with the AR-15.
Maybe for this reason, it's also the target of a lot of hate from the left. It's the most hated rifle in America. It's a weapon of war. But what is it exactly?
We decided it would be worth taking an honest look at the AR-15. What is it? And that forms the basis of our latest episode of "Tucker Carlson Originals," our new documentary series out today on FOX Nation. Really interesting. It's straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
CARLSON: So lawyers for one of the cops in the George Floyd case are tonight making a major allegation against the Hennepin County Medical Examiner. Fascinating twist in that story. FOX's Trace Gallagher has it for us tonight. Hey, Trace.
TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey Tucker. These court documents were filed by attorneys defending former Minneapolis police officer Tou Thao. They claim in May of last year, Hennepin County Medical Examiner Dr. Andrew Baker met with prosecutors and told them his autopsy showed no physical evidence that George Floyd died of asphyxiation.
The attorneys allege that a few days later, former D.C. medical examiner Dr. Roger Mitchell called Dr. Baker to complain about his findings saying quoting here, "Neck compression has to be in the diagnosis." Adding quoting again, "You don't want to be the Medical Examiner who tells everyone they didn't see what they saw. You don't want to be the smartest person in the room and be wrong."
Dr. Mitchell then allegedly threatened to write an op-ed in "The Washington Post" critical of Dr. Baker's findings. Shortly after the conversation, defense attorneys say Dr. Baker released his final autopsy and sure enough, it said neck compression did contribute to George Floyd's death.
The attorneys also claimed that when a former medical Maryland Medical Examiner testified during the Derek Chauvin trial, the George Floyd's death was undetermined. Dr. Mitchell also targeted that Medical Examiner wanting his medical license investigated.
The Minnesota A.G.'s Office calls the allegations bizarre and says it will respond within a week -- Tucker.
CARLSON: Trace Gallagher for us tonight. Thank you, Trace.
GALLAGHER: Yes.
CARLSON: If that's true. So the latest episode in our new documentary series, "Tucker Carlson Originals" is out today at foxnation.com. It's a look at the AR-15. Everyone talks about the AR-15. It is the most popular rifle in America.
It's a weapon of war according to Democratic officeholders. But what is it exactly? You never hear anybody tell you or take an honest look at it. We did our best to do that. Here's part of the latest episode.

CARLSON (voice over): As the country becomes more volatile and dangerous, many Americans are buying the AR-15 for personal protection. To get a sense of how useful the gun can be for self-defense, our producers met firearms experts.
JEFF COTTO, OPERATION DEFENSE INSTITUTE: If you're looking to defend your home, you can always use a pistol or an AR-15.
My name is Jeff Cotto.
ZACK KING, OPERATION DEFENSE INSTITUTE: I'm Zach King.
COTTO: We're from Operation Defense Institute and we teach people how to stay alive.
KING: One of the things about a pistol that a lot of people don't understand you have to be extremely fundamentally accurate with it. Breathing matters, your stance matters, your trigger control matters. Where if you can pick up an AR platform. This is where my pistol grip is, my hand is generally going to go here. It's a much more intuitive platform.
COTTO: There's more room for error with a pistol than a rifle, hands down. This is a drill that represents multiple threats.
CARLSON: So we're standing as I know some of our viewers know, on the most -- the single most famous gun range in the United States is where we are right now. And it's your range, the Hickok45 range. And if you have an internet connection, the internet is a large appliance basically that brings information into your home. You're familiar with this range if we can just get a shot of this.
I swear most of our viewers have seen this many times before. But this is the Hickok45 range. Will you show us how this works on your range?
HICKOK45, GUN ENTHUSIAST: Okay, and what was your name again?
CARLSON: Sean Hannity.
HICKOK45: Pop that cowboy.

CARLSON: For years you've heard about this weapon of war, the AR-15. It's worth finding out what it really is. Again that episode is up tonight in the latest episode of "Tucker Carlson Originals."
And of course Episode 2 on the green energy scam is already up, destroying the environment to save the environment. That's on FOX Nation as well.
So some people are choosing not to take the coronavirus vaccine and that's bothering the politicians in charge of convincing them to get it so the new plan is to bribe them rather than explaining why the vaccine is good, probably pretty easy case to make, they've decided that you're so dumb, that only by paying you can they get you to take the medicine.
Bill de Blasio, of course, has the single dumbest idea. It's amazing if you haven't seen it. Stay tuned.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
CARLSON: If something is obviously an improvement, you usually don't have to bribe people to do it. You don't have to pay anyone extra to move from say Newark to Naples because it's an obvious upgrade.
And yet, across the country, rather than explaining why the coronavirus vaccine might be a good idea, its merits, you're seeing politicians decide they will bribe the dummies they govern to take their medicine.
In Ohio, for example, Governor Mike DeWine has started a million dollar lottery that's only open to people who have been vaccinated. Oh, that's not patronizing or ridiculous. We asked Mike DeWine if he would come on tonight and explain, but he was busy and couldn't.
In New York City, of course, they're doing it. Bill de Blasio runs New York City still. Bill de Blasio smokes a ton of weed so he sees everything from a stoner's point of view.
I'm Bill de Blasio. I'm so high I can't think straight what would I want? Needless to say, Bill de Blasio has teamed up with Shake Shack to give free fries to anyone who's been vaccinated.
Actually, it's not really free. We read the fine print the maximum savings are $3.09. But when your high details like that go over your head. To pitch the program, Bill de Blasio ate fries. We can prove it.

MAYOR BILL DE BLASIO (D), NEW YORK CITY: If you say free fries when you get vaccinated. I got vaccinated. You're saying I could get this. These delicious fries. Just think of this when you think of vaccination. That's amazing.

CARLSON: The worst part about hosting a TV show is you have to wear an earpiece. So when oafish stoners eat fries, the mouth sounds go right into your ear and it's disgusting.
We're not the only ones who feel that way. We went to archives today. This analysis from 2016 certainly applies to the filthy and stoned mayor of New York.

DONALD TRUMP, THEN CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Look at Kasich. I don't think he knows what -- you know, did you see him? He has a news conference all the time when he is eating.
[LAUGHTER]
TRUMP: I have never seen a human being eat in such a disgusting fashion. I'm always telling my young son, Baron, I'm saying and always with my kids, all of them, I'd say, "Children, small little bites, small." This guy takes a pancake and he is it in shoving in his mouth.
[LAUGHTER]
TRUMP: It's disgusting. Do you want that for your President? I don't think so.

CARLSON: I mean, it doesn't matter what you think of Trump, you look at that, you've got to kind of miss him, because that's true. John Kasich eats like a pig. I mean, you may agree with him or not, but Trump told the truth there. And so does Bill de Blasio.
Chadwick Moore tells the truth. He is a columnist for "The Spectator" and we're happy to have him. Chadwick Moore, thanks so much. So I just heard mostly heard in my earpiece, Bill de Blasio eating fries, and pardon the expression, but a very moist wet -- it made me never want to take an Advil. You're doing it too, man. You're killing me.
CHADWICK MOORE, COLUMNIST, "THE SPECTATOR": Well, we all have that stoned roommate in college who ate fast food for breakfast, and now he just happens to be the chief executive of the nation's largest city.
I don't really think it's a big deal. He's a very busy guy. That's why he has got to eat. But what I do think is sort of concerning and really hypocritical. As I remember, President Trump hosts the football team at the White House. And excuse me, he served McDonald's and the media was saying that's classist and racist.
So I don't know who de Blasio thinks he is trying to entice with the fast food but, it seems a little bizarre.
I mean, all the people, the rich white liberals with their "I got vaccinated" stickers on Instagram. I don't really think that they're eating at Shake Shack anytime soon.
CARLSON: No, I don't think they are. What's interesting, though, is that I mean, the vaccine is a serious medicine. It's a serious decision whether to take it. It's obviously a good idea for a lot of people to take it.
But to encourage everyone to take it, including people who don't want to by trying to bribe them, rather than just explain why they should and make a reasonable case as you would with adults, but they're treating people like plebes, like they have total contempt for the people they govern, and I'm including Mike DeWine in this, why are they treating the public like this?
MOORE: Well, you know, they think you're too stupid. They think -- you know, well, first of all, they said, you've got to do it and these sort of totalitarians, they get really mad when you do the things they tell you to. So now they're trying to incentivize through this and that, maybe they'll try to pass a law, who knows.
CARLSON: Good point.
MOORE: But you know, another thing that's weird is all of these little freebies with the vaccine, they're all like fast food places and doughnut joints. And it was like 78 percent, according to C.D.C. of people who are hospitalized with COVID were obese.
So why are they encouraging -- I don't think that population should really be eating more fast food. I'm not a doctor. But, you know, the C.D.C. isn't really talking about that. Instead, they're talking about how racism is a public health crisis. So, I don't really know.
CARLSON: No, that's such a good point. Obesity, was I think, other than age, the biggest risk factor for dying, but they closed the gyms and they're giving you free fast food. Like, I don't think they care about us, Chadwick Moore. Enjoy your fast food. Great to see you tonight.
MOORE: Thank you. You, too.
CARLSON: So the official story is that hackers, of course, Russian hackers shut down the pipeline supplying most of the gasoline and diesel and jet fuel to the Eastern Seaboard.'
So how should we respond to this and how can we make certain that it never happens again? One CEO has an idea. We're going to talk to him after the break.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
CARLSON: They're telling us Atlanta doesn't have gasoline because hackers shut down a pipeline. Well, one CEO was suggesting a way to prevent that from happening again. His name is John Catsimatidis. He is the head of the United Refining Company, that's a subsidiary of Red Apple.
He runs over 400 Kwik Fill and Country Fair gas stations across the states of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio and elsewhere on the East Coast. So he's got reason to think a lot about this subject. He joins us tonight.
John, thanks so much for coming on. I appreciate it. So how can we prevent something this disruptive from happening again?
JOHN CATSIMATIDIS, CEO, UNITED REFINING COMPANY: We need more agents, more technicians to do I.T. I suggested -- I was with senators -- a few senators before I suggested starting a West Point type situation where we train experts, cyber people and call it the new Cyber Force. This is the 21st Century. We're fighting different types of wars.
We're fighting -- we have Space Force now. We need Cyber Force to fight the wars with so cyberattacks.
Last year, our companies paid $7 billion in Bitcoins to get the codes back to reopen up their computers. And right now, I don't understand Bitcoin and cryptocurrency, it seems like to be the thing of criminals and terrorists because that's how they conduct themselves.
This week, it happened with the Colonial Pipeline. Next week, it may happen with the electric grid. But we have to put a stop to it.
We need better technicians, we have to start a university like we have West Point for the Army, or Annapolis for the Navy, and be able to train our people and they stay with us for five years in that -- in a government job because we're losing trained people that are going off to -- if our government is paying him $100,000.00 a year, $150,000.00 a year, Google or Facebook or Twitter is gobbling them up for $300,000.00 a year.
So our companies are lacking the proper people to run the companies and it happened with Colonial Pipeline. After three or four days, they realized they couldn't break the codes. So what did they do? Well, you've got to get it moving again. Because the whole East Coast needed gasoline, they were running out of gasoline, so you have to bite the bullet, pay the $2.00 and then catch the crooks later.
But you've got to go on. The company has to go on. The city has to go on. Our country has to go on.
CARLSON: And if you can shut down a pipeline, you can shut down commercial air travel, the public markets, the hospitals, electricity grid. You can shut down an entire country and there is nothing that's not vulnerable to that kind of attack, obviously. I think you can make a really strong point.
CATSIMATIDIS: It's the warfare -- it's the warfare of the 21st Century. We have Space Force, now we need Cyber Force and that has to happen this year as soon as possible.
CARLSON: As long as they don't use it against American citizens, I'm for it. John, thanks so much for coming on tonight. Appreciate it.
CATSIMATIDIS: Oh, thank you, Tucker. Thank you for having me.
CARLSON: Thanks. Well as we said, our new documentary on the AR-15 is out on foxnation.com.
And we'll be back, 8:00 p.m. every week night. The show that is the sworn enemy of lying, pomposity, smugness and groupthink, all increasing, you may have noticed.


A mysterious letter appeared on Capitol Hill this week. It was addressed to every member of the United StatesCongress.The letter arrived on the official letterhead of the U.S. Capitol Police. But it wasnt from the chief, or from any individual officer. 
Instead, the letter was signed: "Proud Members of the United States Capitol Police." So, it was anonymous. That was the first tip this wasnt your average security bulletin. And in fact it wasnt. It was instead a political demand. The letter instructed members of Congress to vote "yes" to establish a "January 6thinsurrection commission." Police officers anonymously demanding that the people they protect vote a certain way on a specific piece of legislation? Havent seen that before.
Most people assumed the Capitol Hill police department was alaw enforcementagency. Members of Congress certainly believe that. They trust their lives to Capitol Hill police. Thats why Capitol Hill police officers dont lobby congress. That would be a dangerous conflict of interest, backed by an implied threat: do what we say, or watch your back. In this case, thats exactly what they were saying to Republicans. 
"We members of the United States Capitol Police write this letter to express our profound disappointment with the recent comments from both chambers' minority leaders Kevin McCarthy and Mitch McConnell expressing no need for a January 6 commission." 
"We are expected to remain neutral and do our jobs with honor and integrity," the letter continued. "It's unfortunate that our 'bosses' Congress are not held to the same standard that we, the USCP are." Well, thats a ransom note. Imagine getting it from one of your own bodyguards. It might be enough to make you rethink your position, which was, of course, the point of it.
The Capitol Hill police are now effectively an armed political action committee, so you have to ask, what other partisan demands will they make in the future? Do Capitol Hill cops have strong views on voter ID laws? How about taxpayer-funded abortions, or our next trade deal withChina? If so, theyve got the muscle to make their voices heard. You can see why this is setting a very bad precedent. But it didnt bother Democrats. It helped them in the short term. So they immediately put that letter to use.
Rep. Jamie Raskin ofMarylandpassed it around. His chief of staff sent the letter to every other chief of staff on Capitol Hill, along with this note: "Mr. Raskin is hoping your bosses will read this letter before the vote." 
Today,CNNannounced it has discovered who wrote the letter. Who was it? Theyre not going to tell you. Because CNN agrees with the content of the letter, theyve decided to keep that information from the public. Sorry. You cant know. Its not like the Capitol Hill police are catholic school kids from Kentucky. No, theyre allies of CNN, and CNN has an obligation to protect them. And, of course, in this case, the stakes are too high. 
As Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer reminded us yesterday, what happened on January 6 is comparable to the American Civil War:
SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER: What the Republicans are doing is beyond crazy to be so far under the thumb of Donald J Trump. Letting the most dishonest president in American history dictate the prerogatives of the Republican Party will be its demise  we all know there needs to be a thorough and honest accounting of what took place on January 6th, the greatest attempted insurrection since the Civil War.
Oh, it was an insurrection. So how many of the participants in that insurrection have been charged with insurrection, with sedition, with treason? Zero. By the BidenJustice Department. Instead, theyve been charged with effectively trespassing.
But you can still see the similarities. During the civil war, more than half a million people were shot to death. On January 6th, one person was shot to death, and she turned out to be an unarmed Trump voter gunned down without explanation by the Capitol Hill Police. But other than that, basically the same thing.
Rep. Tim Ryan of Ohio made a similarly sweeping point. He didnt mention Gettysburg or Shiloh, but he did point out that anyone who votes against this commission is responsible for climate change:
TIMRYAN: We have people scaling the Capitol, hitting the Capitol police with lead pipes across the head and we cant get bipartisanship  If were gonna take on China, if were gonna rebuild the country, if were gonna reverse climate change, we need two political parties in this country that are both living in reality and you aint one of em!
Apparently,he made a compelling argument. Thirty-five Republicans in the House voted for the commission yesterday  they joining what Tim Ryan described as the party thats "living in reality"  the party that wears surgical masks outside and thinks its possible to change your sex. The reality party. 
One of the Republicans who voted with the reality party is Congressman Adam Kinzinger of Illinois. 
"I support a bipartisan January 6 commission," he wrote on Twitter. "This should not be about party politics or become a partisan fight." Well of course not. You wouldnt expect partisanship or party politics from Democrats in the House of Representatives. Pretty funny. 
To be fair, Adam Kinzinger is widely understood to be among the slowest members of Congress  Mazie Hirono slow. So, its entirely possible he had no idea what he was saying. Maybe he didnt even write it.
Whats harder to explain are the several Republicans in the Senate, including Bill Cassidy of Louisiana and Susan Collins of Maine, whove suggested they, too, will support the commission too. 
Unlike Adam Kinzinger, Collins and Cassidy can read without moving their lips. They know whats in the legislation. The bill the House passed yesterday was taken directly from the law that established the 9/11 commission almost 20 years ago. That legislation instructed Congress to, "investigate and report to the President and Congress on its findings, conclusions, and recommendations for corrective measures that can be taken to prevent acts of terrorism." 
That was the 9/11 law.
The new legislation behind a January 6 commission demands the same. Congress must, "investigate and report to the President and Congress on its findings, conclusions, and recommendations for corrective measures ... that could be taken to prevent future acts of targeted violence and domestic terrorism."
Virtually identical language. Thats not accidental.
This is the new war on terror. But this war is not aimed at al Qaeda or ISIS. This war is aimed at you, and anyone else who stands in the way of the Democratic Partys agenda.

CARLSON: Good evening and welcome to TUCKER CARLSON TONIGHT. Happy Monday.
In May of last year, if you can remember back that far, the Mayor of Los Angeles, a man called Eric Garcetti issued this order to the people he oversees, and we're quoting, "Bring your mask with you whenever you leave home. That will help us get more freedoms," end quote.
Eric Garcetti isn't much of an orator, to put it mildly, but that was a memorable quote, mostly because of the questions it left unanswered. For example: is it really possible to spread the coronavirus outside? That's the first most obvious question. And then more fundamentally, since when is the mayor of a city in charge of doling out America's freedoms? Aren't those freedoms guaranteed by the Constitution, the one that created this country? That's what they've been telling us?
So it would have been nice to hear those questions answered. Unfortunately, at the time, a lot of the country was so terrified of the new pandemic that nobody thought to ask those questions. People just obeyed.
That was a big change, and other politicians watched as it happened.
They saw a smarmy non-entity like Eric Garcetti, a guy you wouldn't trust to clean your pool suddenly assume unprecedented godlike new powers simply by asserting them, "Cover your face." Okay, boss. Not a bad trick.
So naturally, other politicians wanted some of that power. That's why they are in the business, for power. So they did the very same thing that Eric Garcetti did, and once again, no one pushed back against them.
In San Francisco, the authorities demanded that citizens wear masks while running outside. In the City of Boston, the mayor extended that requirement to all outdoor physical activity, quote, "You need to be wearing a face covering when you're out exercising."
Well, in a functioning democracy like we had just a few years ago, demands like that would be impossible to make. A politician might prefer that you wear a mask outdoors, but he couldn't make you do it. At best, he'd have to ask you nicely, he'd have to show you the science and then try to convince you to follow his advice, one adult to another. The onus would be on him to make his case, the onus would not be on you to obey the command.
But over the course of the corona pandemic, the opposite happened, it was inverted, and it happened because large groups of people failed to resist it happening, so it kept happening. And as it did, it became more unreasonable and more disconnected from science day by day.
As of tonight, for example, more than 15 months after we first told you about the spread of this weird new virus in China, the State of Michigan now requires children as young as two to wear facemask while in quote, "public spaces" and places like camps or daycare centers. That's not a suggestion, it is an order. They all are.
Watch what happened to a pregnant mother on Spirit Airlines when authorities discovered that her two-year old wasn't wearing a mask.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE (voice over): And on this Spirit Airlines flight from Orlando to Atlantic City, Monday --
PASSENGER: What did I do?
FLIGHT ATTENDANT: I told you, not compliant, you will have to get off.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE (voice over): A family of four told to get off the plane. A pregnant mother seen in this video clip wearing a mask with a two- year old child eating yogurt on her left, a seven-year-old child with special needs next door. A flight attendant appears to tell the family, the two-year-old wasn't wearing the mask.

CARLSON: It's the law. Right? We've heard. But why is it the law? Is there a scientific justification for the law? No, there's not.
Children are not at meaningful risk from COVID. They never have been. Adults who've been vaccinated or naturally infected and that's a huge percentage of the American population are not at risk either.
If you've got high levels of antibodies in your system, you are almost certainly safe. Those who don't have antibodies can get the shot. Every American who wants the vaccine can get the vaccine, and that means that at this point, there is no scientific justification for any mask mandate anywhere. It's that simple.
And the idea that people were being told, being forced to wear masks outside should shock us. There was never any meaningful risk of mass transmission outdoors. We've known that for at least a year.
Last spring, researchers in China traced 318 separate coronavirus outbreaks to find out where they originated and how. They found that of those 318 outbreaks, only a single one could even plausibly be connected to a person who was outside, all the rest were indoors.
Last November, a review of all existing peer reviewed research on this subject appeared in "The Journal of Infectious Diseases" and that review found that the odds of contracting the coronavirus outside were about 19 times lower than the risk of contracting it inside. In April, researchers in Japan came to the same conclusion.
And then finally, last week, "The New York Times" admitted all this. According to the newspaper scientists have discovered, quote: "Few, if any documented cases of brief outdoor interactions leading to COVID transmission."
So people running in the park are safe, they always were safe. And in fact, the evidence that they are safe is so overwhelming that even America's leading purveyor of lockdown porn has been forced to concede it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS, ABC NEWS HOST: Let's talk about masks. I mean, you're seeing more and more talk about it. I know the C.D.C. is looking at perhaps revising their guidance about wearing masks outdoors at this time. Well, what's your best guidance on that at this point?
DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, DIRECTOR, NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND INFECTIOUS DISEASES: I don't want to get ahead of them, George, but I think it is pretty commonsense now that outdoor risk is really, really quite low particularly, I mean, if you are a vaccinated person, wearing a mask outdoors, I mean, obviously the risk is miniscule.

CARLSON: "It's pretty commonsense now that outdoor risk is really, really quite low," says Dr. Fauci. Really? So why didn't Dr. Fauci tell us this? Fauci himself clearly knew this was true. You saw him at a baseball game, not wearing a mask. He wasn't worried, and for good reason.
Kamala Harris clearly knows the truth as well. She's had the vaccine, two doses of it. So she is not concerned about getting the virus, yet she wears the mask anyway. And then she ostentatiously socially distances. Why? Well, it's a charade. It's maintained for reasons that have nothing to do with science or public health. That's all very obvious now.
The question is, why have we put up with it? We've known this for a long time. We've done it for certain for almost a year since that day last June, when America's so-called public health community united as one to tell us that coronavirus restrictions do not apply to BLM rioters. They're exempt from the virus.
You're still not allowed to get married or go to church or see your elderly parents as they die alone, but if you break things on behalf of the Democratic Party's power structure, you can loot the Dollar Store and no one gets sick. That's science.
That's not an exaggeration. That's literally what they told us.
And the second they told us that, we knew for certain they weren't serious. So why did we keep playing along? That is a sincere question. We should ponder that question.
We acquiesced to their power grab. They let it, we let it happen. And because we let it happen, a lot of people got hurt and many of those people were children.
Schools around the country shut down and those that remained open forced students to comply with mandates that in the end damaged them, maybe permanently.
At a school board meeting recently in Colorado Springs, an elementary teacher called Stacy Adair showed a photograph of what a kindergartener's face looks like just an hour into the school day. The masked kindergartener was required to wear was covered with dirt around the mouth and nose quote, "I don't need to tell you it is very unhealthy for a student to breathe through this mask," Adair told the Board. Of course, it is.
But officials ignored her and then they doubled down, quote: "Masks will be worn whenever and wherever possible." The District announced, " ... worn by everyone including kindergarteners."
Colorado's Governor weighed in, "No more complaining," he said. "If you keep whining about mask mandates, we will close the schools again." That was a threat. So the mandates remain.
Most children in Colorado are required to wear masks in schools statewide, even when they play sports. So how many kids are being hurt by this? That's a question that no one asked and we should all be troubled by, a lot.
A physician called Mary Harrow told the Colorado Springs School Board that quote: "The data are overwhelming on this topic. "Masks," the doctor said can quote, " ... cause low oxygen and high carbon dioxide levels, shortness of breath, toxicity, inflammation, increased stress hormones and sugar in the body and create fear, anxiety, headaches, compromised cognitive performance and other problems."
Did you really need a Medical Degree to know that? People need fresh air, especially children. Deprive them of fresh air and you hurt them. You knew that. We all knew that. It is obvious. And perhaps because it is so obvious, anyone who says it out loud is at risk of being fired for saying it out loud.
Earlier this month for example, we spoke to a high school track coach in New Hampshire who was fired for saying it. Watch.

BRADLEY KEYES, FORMER TRACK AND FIELD COACH, PEMBROKE ACADEMY: My goal is to get these mandates removed, and it's not just track and field. It's tennis. It's baseball. It's every outdoor sport, mask will be worn all times, practices and competitions.
Tennis, wonderful example. Singles tennis, you go watch practices, everyone is wearing masks. Competitions, they will be wearing masks even though they are 30 to 60 feet apart on the courts.

CARLSON: Masks on a tennis court. Future generations will mock us for this, but we allowed it. We let power drunk politicians wreck the country in exchange for promising to protect us from a virus that 99 percent of us would have survived anyway. What were we thinking?
Masks have always been incompatible with the free society. We used to know that. Masks strip people of their identity as individuals. Masks transform people from citizens into drones. They isolate us, they alienate us. They shut us off from one another.
Masks prevent intimacy and human contact. If I can't see your face, I can't know you.
Masks are for the guilty. They are signifiers of shame and submission.
Until recently, many jurisdictions had laws against wearing masks in public. Only Klansmen and armed robbers wore masks. The rest of us showed our face, we were free people.
But then we gave in to the demands of people like Eric Garcetti and because we did give in, this grotesque version of Halloween went on for more than a year and it's still going on.
Not even Tony Fauci still pretends that masks are medically necessary, instead, masks are purely a sign of political obedience like Kim Il-sung pins in Pyongyang. We wear them because we have to. The only people who wear masks voluntarily outside are zealots and neurotics.
How neurotic are they? Well, we know. A Pew survey from last March found that 64 percent of white Americans who classify themselves as liberal or very liberal have been diagnosed with an actual mental health condition. And you see them everywhere when you walk down the street in any major city.
If you dare to go on foot from Union Station to the Capitol, for example in Washington without wearing a mask, angry Biden voters will snort at you in judgment. "How could you?" They're saying from behind the gauze. How could you? That's the question we should be asking of them in return.
The rest of us should be snorting at them first. They are the aggressors. It's our job to brush them back and restore the society we were born in.
So the next time you see someone in a mask on the sidewalk or on the bike path, do not hesitate, ask politely, but firmly, "Would you please take off your mask? Science shows there is no reason for you to be wearing it. Your mask is making me uncomfortable." We should do that and we should keep doing it until wearing a mask outside is roughly as socially accepted as lighting a Marlboro in an elevator. It's repulsive, don't do it around other people.
That's the message we should send because it's true.
As for forcing children to wear masks outside, that should be illegal. Your response when you see children wearing masks as they play should be no different from your response to seeing someone beat a kid in Walmart, call the police immediately. Contact Child Protective Services. Keep calling until someone arrives.
What you're looking at is abuse, it is child abuse, and you are morally obligated to attempt to prevent it. If it's your own children being abused, then act accordingly.
Let's say your kid's school e-mailed you to announce that every day after lunch, your sixth grader was going to get punched in the face by a teacher, how would you respond to that? That's precisely how you should respond when they tell you that your kids have to wear masks on the soccer field. That is unacceptable. It is dangerous and we should act like it, because it is.
But too few of us have responded like that. We have been shamefully passive in the face of all of this. As our cities get crazier and harder to live in, so many of us have just decided to run away, avoid conflict. I can't deal with it. Move to the suburbs. Flee to Florida.
Get as far away as possible from the hyper aggressive zealots changing everything for the worst overnight. You don't want to deal with them. So, so many have decided to start over somewhere else.
But why? The people making these demands don't own America. They didn't build America. They didn't build anything, they can't, and they're not allowed to wreck it.
And if we let them wreck our cities, why do we think they will stop there? If they can turn Brooklyn and San Francisco into uninhabitable indoctrination camps, why can't they do it to Naples or Oklahoma City or Coeur d'Alene or wherever you're planning to go? They can do it and they will do it.
Theirs is an evangelical faith. They will not stop until we make them stop. Fighting back is the only option. If we don't resist, there is no escape.
So how do you resist? The first step is to say the obvious, say it loudly, say it often. This is not about science. This is about political power.
If it was about science, Fauci and Kamala Harris would be happy to hear for example, the Governor of Florida, Ron DeSantis discuss the science behind mask mandates with a Harvard Professor. They would welcome that. But they hated it, so they just pulled the whole thing off YouTube.
Here's part of what they refused to let you hear.

GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): Dr. Gupta mentioned about, you know, not putting masks on kids. That's not effective. Not necessary. Martin Kulldorff, do you agree in school, there is no need for them to be wearing facemasks?
MARTIN KULLDORFF, PROFESSOR OF MEDICINE AT HARVARD MEDICAL SCHOOL AND A BIOSTATISTICIAN AND EPIDEMIOLOGIST AT THE BRIGHAM AND WOMEN'S HOSPITAL: Children should not wear face masks. Not this -- they don't need it for their own protection and they don't need it for protecting other people either.
QUESTION: I mean, I think schools, how do you teach a child to read with facemasks on Zoom?

CARLSON: So that's now banned, scientists talking about science. Those aren't scientists anymore, they are now dissidents. How is this happening? Well, it happens because we allow it to happen. Because we buy into their demands, because we internalize their standards.
If you decided to burn American flag in a public park tomorrow, how would they respond to that? Well, of course, they would applaud. That's your First Amendment right? You'd be fighting the tyranny of the people who created this horrifying country.
How by contrast would they respond if you burned a pile of surgical masks in a public park tomorrow? They probably wouldn't like it. But that's your right, too.
Matt Walsh is host of "The Matt Walsh Show." We are honored to have him on tonight, as we always are when he joins us. Matt, thanks so much for coming out. At what point do we stop playing along now that this is so clearly all fake, and say under no circumstances are you allowed to abuse my child? Period.
MATT WALSH, HOST, "THE MATT WALSH SHOW": Well, that point should have been 12 months ago, but it certainly should be now. I mean, this is the one thing we have to fight against primarily is this idea that, well, you might as well just put a mask on yourself, put it on your kid, it's not going to hurt anybody. It'll make them safer.
Now, even -- the fact is, it is hurting, and for all the reasons that you gave. A lot of it is commonsense, and of course, they tell us that unless you're an expert or a doctor, you're not allowed to make these commonsense judgments. But obviously, if you're restricting air, especially if you're outside and you're in the middle of a strenuous exercise, you put a mask on a little kid, it's going to get dirty and gross. I mean, these are commonsense things.
But aside -- you know, aside from that, when it comes to kids, specifically, this is what makes it so repugnant, it is that it was never about their own safety. It wasn't even like putting masks on kids was a misguided effort to keep them safe. No, it was about making adults feel safer around them because the kids were never much risk for COVID. They're not much risk of spreading it, but some adults, some neurotic, cowardly adults just feel uncomfortable seeing bare faces. That's what got you there.
And I think you're right, there's like a mental illness element to this where there are people now in this country, perhaps millions of adults who are scared to see a bare face, even on a two-year-old child, and so they say, "Cover that face because it makes me feel better." And that's -- we cannot cooperate with that. We should react to that with outrage and absolutely refuse to do it.
You know, I've got a daughter who is almost two years old. No way in hell am I putting a mask on her, period, anywhere under any circumstance. And if you ask me to do it, you're not going to get a very polite response and I think that should be our approach.
CARLSON: It does seem like we've internalized -- and by "we," I don't mean Republicans or conservatives, I just mean like normal people who remember what the country was like 18 months ago -- have internalized the framework that other people have written for us. So like, if you don't want to go along with destroying your children, then you're the freak.
Why does nobody get right back in the face of these demands, to Kamala Harris or Fauci or the local School Board and say, no, no, you're the freak, and what you're doing is outrageous, and it's criminal. And I demand you to be ashamed of what you're doing.
I've never heard anybody say that.
WALSH: I think this just speaks to the power that the left has to change - - it is not just changing the conversation. They could change the way people think about things in a really fundamental way, and they can do it quickly.
I mean, we know that they've convinced a lot of people for example, that, you know, men are women and women are men. I mean, they have the capacity to do this, but with the mask thing, they have done it so quickly that now, you know, I had the same experience you're talking about.
I was in Austin a few days ago and I'm walking outside without a mask on and people are staring at me like I'm the crazy one for not having a mask on. Meanwhile, if you're walking outside with a mask on, I should be looking at you and I do look at you like I would look at a grown man hugging a teddy bear and having a pacifier in his mouth while he is walking down the street.
This is your security blanket. There's no reason for you to have it on. You're just afraid -- you're afraid of fresh air. That's what's happening. People are afraid to breathe air and we're making it so that kids are afraid of air, too, and that's insane to me.
CARLSON: I agree with you completely. I would even actually up the analogy and say a vaccinated person or somebody with the antibodies wearing a mask outside is like watching grown man expose himself in public. That's disgusting. Put it away, please. We don't do that here.
Matt Walsh, thank you. Appreciate it.
WALSH: Thank you.
CARLSON: Ma'Khia Bryant was in the process of stabbing another child when a police officer shot and killed her. Now, police officers across the country are under fire for this, somehow.
One police officer in Washington, D.C. responded to those hecklers. It's on video and we have an update tonight on what happened to that cop once he did. An amazing story, after the break.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
CARLSON: Michael Tracey doesn't have a job in mainstream journalism, in a normal country he would because his attitude is the definition of what journalism is supposed to be. He is liberal in the truest sense.
He is skeptical. He believes in free speech. He has obvious questions. He notices obvious patterns.
And more than anything, he challenges people who actually have power. He punches up, not down. And for that reason, he is on "Substack." But we do pay very close attention to him. We've had him on the show a couple of times. He is really smart. And he notices things the rest of media don't want you to notice.
This week, he noticed something pretty weird about the reaction to the jury verdict in the Derek Chauvin murder trial. It seemed like everybody in authority was reading almost like from the same script. This trial, they told us in unison, isn't really over.

KAMALA HARRIS (D), VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The fact is, we still have work to do.
LAURA COATES, CNN SENIOR LEGAL ANALYST: The family does not get to have their loved one back, there is still work to be done.
JIMMY KIMMEL, TALK SHOW HOST: And while this is a step in the right direction, there's still a lot of work to be done.
STEPHEN COLBERT, TALK SHOW HOST: But this is just one stop. There is more work to be done.
GOV. TIM WALZ (D-MN): It's a feeling like, okay, this happened. Now, the work really begins.
JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: So we can't leave this moment or look away thinking our work is done.
POPPY HARLOW, CNN ANCHOR: This moment is where the work begins.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We've got a lot of work to do, but this feels like a beginning rather than -- rather than an ending.
MITCH LANDRIEU, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: We have a lot of work to do in this country because systemic racism has infected us all.
REP. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY (D-NY): And we know that until we stop the violence, then we have work to do.
DON LEMON, CNN ANCHOR: There's a lot of work to be done to get to liberty and justice for all.

CARLSON: Everyone reading the bumper sticker. The best is the comedian's reading state approved propaganda. So many people have been so gravely diminished by the past few years.
But there's more, more where that came from. Tracey then went in found a lot of other people reading from exactly the same script and it's an incredibly long list. If you want to understand the axis between politicians and Big Business and fake state approved comedians, just all of them, everyone with power, all acting as one in unison against you and your interests basically telling you that yes, this guy was found guilty of murder, but you're the one who is guilty, and we're going to punish you. We're going to spend some time doing it. That's exactly what they're saying.
Then check this out. BestBuy, you thought it was an electronics store. No, quote: "BestBuy's unwavering commitment to this work is as strong as ever." Really? What work? I thought you sold stereo speakers. Shh. Just buy, be quiet.
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art quite concerned, too. "We know that there is still much work to be done." Really? What kind of working you need to be doing, Mr. Museum Guy?
Then the CEO of Target moved some words around, quote, "Today's verdict does not mean that our work is done. There's much more to do." Really? Okay, in a sense, you're going to be the subject/victim of this work? Yes, you are.
It went on though. The CEO of Starbucks nationwide and American Airlines all issued statements declaring that more work must be done. So did hockey teams and food delivery services, even politicians who have never even for one day had a real job. People like Bernie Sanders talked about the need to do more work.
And by the way, it wasn't just Democrats. It was, let's say Tim Scott, the Senator from South Carolina, a Republican. The guy who is going to be giving the Republican response on Wednesday night to the President's speech to a joint session, somehow managed to mirror, Tim Scott did, the statement by Yale University's President, almost word for word, quote, "We know there is more work to be done," said Tim Scott. Yale's statement read this way: "We know there's much more work to be done." Not more work, much more work. So just between Tim Scott and the President of Yale, it was just one of degrees. Tim Scott said more. The President of Yale said much more.
That is kind of a difference from the two parties, isn't it? Just a matter of degrees.
Here's the amazing thing to restate, none of these people explained what all this work is. All that is clear is that you've got a lot of work to do. We'll have details for you, coming soon.
Well, Ma'Khia Bryant was killed, unfortunately, sad. She was a child. But as she was killed, she was trying to stab another person. That's why the police officer in Columbus, Ohio shot her last week. None of that is in dispute. There's video of it.
If there was ever a justified, though sad, but still justified shooting, this was it. And yet, in their ongoing effort to divide the country along lines of race, our political class and our media pretended it was murder.
Three days ago, BLM activists heckled a cop in Washington, D.C. over the shooting. Here's how he responded.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, are you going to kill me like Ma'Khia Bryant?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you going to stab somebody like her?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, she --
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But she called you all for help?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: [Bleep] talking about. Get your goofy [bleep] --
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: [Bleep].
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And you just said that on camera. This [bleep] is going viral.

CARLSON: So he is right. I'm not going to shoot you, as long as you're not trying to stab somebody. That's why cops exists, to prevent people from stabbing each other. But the cop who said that we have learned from the authoritative source has now been pulled off duty pending a review.
He is lost, in effect his job for saying that.
Candace Owens is the host of "Candace." She joins us tonight to assess. Candace Owens, thanks so much for coming on.
You know, I don't even know where to begin. What do you make of this? This cop has been pulled off duty. He is no longer protecting the people of Washington, D.C. in poor neighborhoods, by the way, because he had the temerity to say something obvious.
CANDACE OWENS, POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: Yes, well, first and foremost, obviously, it's sad and I think the American people are wondering what's going to happen here? Because right now, what is happening is we have an attack on good police officers. We are de-incentivizing police officers to even want to take on the job, right?
Many people are resigning. You see that there's a crisis now. People don't want to step up to the plate and do this job. But I think, Tucker, we have to think a little more critically beyond this. Right?
If you think critically, why are the Democrats doing this? Why are they incentivizing this? Why are they, you know, promoting criminals and saying to the good guys, you're actually the bad guys? It's like the world is upside down.
And the only answer is because what the Democrats actually want, Tucker, is chaos. Right? They want absolute chaos, because from chaos, absolute power, which you mentioned in your monologue today -- absolute power is what can naturally arise, right?
They want the good guys gone. They want people to look around and say, oh, my gosh, now there's no police officers. Now, there's just violence. Now, there's just criminality. Please, government. Give me something, government, something to fix this.
And then the government is going to give them something. It's going to be a paramilitary wing. It's going to be Federal police officers. It's going to be exactly what we want to avoid in a free society. That's what the Democrats are after in everything they're doing.
This ties together everything. When you brought up the mask mandates, why are they doing this? What is the purpose of this? Well, you are correct, they are trying to basically condition us psychologically to get used to absolute power. They want us to become used and familiar to absolute power so that freedom doesn't even cross our minds anymore.
You're so used to seeing children in masks, you're used to not seeing people as individuals, and you're used to collectivizing people. You're used to violence so that everything the government gives you seems like a solution, when in fact, it's not. Everything they're doing is arbitrary, but the only thing that makes sense is that what they're after in this country is what we've been saying all along, a socialist dictatorship. That's what the Democrats want. They want to fundamentally alter American society.
CARLSON: You know, a year ago, I would have thought, yes, I love that Candace Owens, but she's prone to overstatement. Now, I don't think.
I heard someone -- a very smart person this weekend say, the drama that we're watching, he described it this way, as the growing pains that emerge in the transition from one form of government to another. And I think that that may be right.
OWENS: Correct.
CARLSON: Candace Owens, I really appreciate your coming on. Thank you.
OWENS: Thank you.
CARLSON: So we told you about our new documentary series, "Tucker Carlson Originals" that launched on Friday. You can watch the first episode on the crisis in Chicago right now on foxnation.com.
We got a thousand hours of closed circuit TV coverage of Chicago. It's amazing.
A lot of people have asked: how do you watch it? How do you watch "Tucker Carlson Originals" and the show we do three days a week, the long form show on FOX Nation? How do you get to FOX Nation? What do you do when you get there?
Those of us who are not good at technology have shown the way. So before our premiere from the FOX Studios lot last Friday, I made an effort to get there myself.

CARLSON: Hey, it's Tucker Carlson. I'm often asked, how do you get to FOX Nation? How do you get the shows on FOX Nation? Is it hard? Could I do it in the back of an SUV while driving through Los Angeles? Is it that easy? It is that easy and we're going to show you just how easy it is.
First step, if you're over 50 is get your eyeglasses because otherwise you won't be able to read what's on the screen. Is it embarrassing? Sure. But nobody is watching. Just put them on.
And then go up here and just write FOX Nation. F-O-X-N-A-T-I-O-N. There you go FOX Nation. Then you find a picture of yourself right there -- oh you find Bret Baier, there you go.
Start your free trial right the middle of the screen. First month, 99 cents. Yes. Are you kidding? I'll do that. Select plan. Put your name in. And in this case, my name is Tucker Carlson. I'm not going to tell you my e-mail because then you all e-mail me. See, I'm going to go by credit card.
All right. Luckily, I always keep one in my top pocket just in case they want to sign up. Nine, six. We're going to blow these numbers out.
Thanks for joining FOX Nation. Like I just did the whole thing. Start watching. You know, I think I will.
That's it. I just signed up for FOX Nation. Yes, in the back of an SUV rolling down -- what street are we on? Canyon in Beverly Hills. I mean, not to brag. There you go. And you can play. I'm not going to watch myself because I'm not a narcissist.
But I think I will watch this.
I hope that explains it.

CARLSON: It is all on foxnation.com. It's easy. You don't even have to be in an SUV in LA.
Well, according to a blog called POLITICO, which originates in Northern Virginia somewhere, the story of the century has just broken across the river in D.C. and it has to do with the husband of the person running the country, Kamala Harris.
POLITICO sent six reporters to cover this bombshell historical event. You know, it's a big deal. Let's see what they found, next.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

BIDEN: Well, I'll have the honor of serving with a fantastic Vice President you just heard from, Kamala Harris.
Kamala and Doug, like it or not, you're family. You become an honorary Biden. There is no way out.

CARLSON: So that was Joe Biden referring to somebody called Doug Emhoff, whom he described as the husband of Kamala Harris and we took that all at face value because we're naive.
But we have some breaking reporting to bring you tonight. It comes courtesy of a blog from Northern Virginia called POLITICO.
Six reporters from POLITICO worked on this story that pieces his headline, "Doug Emhoff, rebrands as Second Gentleman Douglas." According to POLITICO, Doug Emhoff is now going by Douglas. As you'd expect, the White House is trying to downplay this bombshell change.
A spokesperson for Emhoff told POLITICO that the story was quote, "bizarre," and that quote, "His name is Douglas Emhoff." Safe to say like most people, his full and abbreviated names have always been used interchangeably.
What does that mean exactly? One important note, by the way, before we continue, this show in the interest of accuracy will cease referring to the White House or anything associated with its entire Executive Branch of government, as the quote "Biden administration," and the reason we're changing it is not to make a statement, but merely to reflect reality.
Joe Biden, whatever his merits as a human being has no active role in running the U.S. government. Everyone knows that, everyone pretends otherwise, but it's true.
And so, henceforth, we will refer to it as the administration, the White House, the Kamala Harris administration, the third and far more radical Obama administration, this group of people that Susan Rice seems to be in control of or whatever, something precise and accurate, but no longer we will refer to it as the Biden administration, because it's not.
Well, there are reports over the weekend that American officials gave copies of a book, a children's book about Kamala Harris because it's really not North Korea. There really is a book about Kamala Harris for kids, but it's not North Korea. Anyway, giving this book to kids in migrant detention facilities, so we tried to track it down.
We called the Department of Health and Human Services and asked whether the Governor had purchased this book, this book about Kamala Harris. They told us they had not.
Instead, they claimed the book have been donated to a migrant detention facility as part of a book drive. Ha? They weren't more specific about this. How many copies exactly?
Meanwhile, Kamala Harris herself, the one who appears to be running the government says that she will head to Guatemala in June to figure out the cause of the border surge in June.
Buck Sexton is the host of "The Buck Sexton Show." He was just at the border and he joins us tonight. Buck, thanks so much for coming on.
You think no matter who paid for this book, to give it to illegal migrant children, to have a children's book about Kamala Harris would just be like, to Kim family to actually do. You think someone will say, you know, that's not a good idea. We should stop? Why didn't they stop that?
BUCK SEXTON, HOST, "THE BUCK SEXTON SHOW": Well, it seems that there's not going to be the consequences of this. I mean, I think that they're telling us now that it's because of people in California donating this book among other books, I think, that's what we're told. So it just so happened, it's a coincidence.
What's not a coincidence is that Kamala Harris as the borders czar, and she hasn't been able to find her way down there yet. And in fact, instead of going to the border and speaking to Border Patrol, seeing what's really going on for ourselves and there I am talking to some migrants as they come across.
Tucker, it's the worst it's ever been. And if you talk to anybody who is trying to actually secure it, whether it's Texas Rangers, Border Patrol members, everybody in the law enforcement side, I saw myself night after night, you have people coming in, streaming in, hundreds and hundreds of them. And that's just in one area where I happen to be standing, hundreds of people coming in over the course of a couple of days. And there's no way this is going to stop.
I mean, going to Guatemala isn't going to prevent people from wanting to be in America when there are no consequences for illegal entry. And the idea that this would somehow change circumstances of the situation is just fanciful, but Kamala can't go to the border because then people would see what I saw, which is that not only do you have massive human trafficking going on, you have a porous border for enormous amounts of narcotics that are poisoning our cities that lead to the drug gang violence. That's the primary cause of shootings in a lot of major cities across the country.
They're not stopping this anytime soon. They're not even really trying to and that's what you see when you go down there.
CARLSON: So if you're going to deal with the government of Guatemala, wouldn't it be pretty simple, one phone call, you say, look, either you stop offloading your poor people on to our taxpayers or we are shutting down your foreign aid tomorrow. Like, you've got 24 hours. Why is that complicated?
SEXTON: The administration doesn't want this flow ultimately to stop. They just want to control it. It looks bad. I saw the Donna facility when I was down there, which of course, you're not allowed to go into and there were a lot of people that wanted to speak to me from the government side who I've known from before civil servants who said, look, the Biden administration doesn't want us talking to you. We heard that over and over again.
And they're going to have to expand the facility they currently have, because otherwise, you see photos and images like this.
The problem, Tucker, as far as this administration is concerned, isn't that there are going to be probably in the neighborhood of a million people illegally entering America this year, including a lot of children who are abused, who are sexually abused, who are in terrible circumstances as they are actually crossing and making the journey. But the problem for the administration is just merely that they view this as bad optics. So they don't want this to stop.
If you want it to stop, you need consequences. And that's the part of this that they won't actually get engaged in. That's why Kamala is going to Central America. Over 60 countries have crossed illegally -- represented, I should say, that are border crossing illegally in the last three months alone. It's not all Guatemala or Honduras or El Salvador.
CARLSON: Yes, they're rigging elections by changing the electorate. That's why all of this happening, and it's pretty clear. Buck Sexton, I appreciate your coming on tonight. Thank you.
SEXTON: Thanks, Tucker.
CARLSON: So even as the Federal government through specific policies made the country far more dangerous, they are trying to prevent you from defending your family. So how should you respond to that exactly? How should people who care about America respond to Federal efforts to take your firearms? That's next, interesting interview.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
CARLSON: America is getting more dangerous. The White House is trying to disarm you. We spoke to Second Amendment advocate, Colion Noir earlier on "Tucker Carlson Today" about this. Watch.
CARLSON: Here's what I find so striking is that at exactly the moment they're telling us that actually you can pick up the phone, you're not allowed to pick up the phone and call someone for help because we're abolishing the police and you're Karen if you call the cops. They're telling us you're not allowed to defend yourself. What is that?
COLION NOIR, AMERICAN GUN RIGHTS ACTIVIST AND LAWYER: It's interesting to say the least, let's just put it like that, because even sometimes I've struggled with the dynamic because I don't want to believe that we honestly have people in power who really want to put us in a position where we have absolutely no means to protect ourselves.
CARLSON: I don't want to believe that either. I agree.
NOIR: I don't. However, what else am I supposed to conclude from that?
CARLSON: Good question.
NOIR: You know, it's like you tell me it is like, you tell me like you pointed out specifically, I'm a Karen for calling the cops and then that I shouldn't be doing that or that we should defund them and they should be there. But then at the same time, you tell me, I shouldn't have a firearm to protect myself in the event that they're not there.
So what would you have me do? Just be a victim?
CARLSON: Just obey.
NOIR: Yes. Right. And so at that point, it begs the question, what is the ultimate goal? And I think a lot of it really is in the word choice -- is in the word gun control, which is control. I think the overall goal is control.
You can vehemently control a population of people who don't have the means to defend themselves, and we have examples of that are pretty regularly, and one of them, the most recent example is, look what took place in Hong Kong? When you look at the manner in which they tried to fight against what they consider to be their pressure -- the potential oppressor.
They used sticks, rocks, umbrellas.
CARLSON: How did that go for them?
NOIR: Exactly. Right. That dynamic, I don't think will ever play out here in that manner because of --
CARLSON: Tell me about your hat. It says, "I will not comply."
NOIR: Yes, well think about it. Are we expected to comply with unconstitutional laws in this country? We're not. And so, this is a reference to specifically to the idea of an assault weapon ban.
We've already had the Supreme Court, which decided in Heller that we do have a right to own firearms in this country. And an AR-15 is one of those. It's one of the most popular rifles in this country. It is in common use.
So as a result of that, if you're going to pass an assault weapons ban, which is in direct contrast to what the Second Amendment says, what our Supreme Court has said, then I'm not going to comply with unconstitutional laws. I'm just not going to do that, especially when it comes to utilizing the one gun that I think is in the best position to protect myself.
Now, you and I can debate back and forth about, you know, whether it's an AR, whether it's a shotgun, so forth and so on. But it is in the same vein as the shotgun as other firearms and other rifles as well. So why are we trying to relegate me to something what I consider to be lesser than with respect to protecting my life?
CARLSON: It's just so funny because government policy has caused a crime wave. We've always had crime, you know, there are always people who are going to act out in violence for whatever reason.
But in the last year, you've seen crime go way up, violent crime go way up, including homicides, and it's because of specific steps that our leaders have taken. They have caused the crime, and then they flipped around and said, oh, look at all of that crime. We need to take your guns away, but we're not going to take the guns that are causing the crime. We're going to take the guns that are held almost overwhelmingly by people who cause no crime at all, the AR-15.
NOIR: Yes, I think -- I think that that is what I call a slow drip. I think the ultimate goal, I don't think I know. The ultimate goal is to ban it. They want to ban all the guns.

CARLSON: Good evening, and welcome to TUCKER CARLSON TONIGHT. Happy Thursday.
Joe Biden spoke to a Joint Session of the Congress last night. If you saw it, and relatively few people did judge by the numbers, then you know that the confusing part started even before the speech began.
It was the masks again. Everyone was wearing a mask, very much including the two stern ladies sitting right behind Joe Biden. That would be the Speaker of the House and the real President. They were masked up, all of them were, like outlaws.
But here's the weird part: all of them have been vaccinated. They've told us that.
So, there was literally no reason for any of them to be wearing masks, but they wore them anyway. It was like everyone in the room had Munchausen syndrome, or some other fantasy related psychological disorder. Bizarre.
We never did get to the bottom of that because Joe Biden started talking.
Language is designed to communicate ideas, but not when Joe Biden uses it. Last night's speech was a cluster bomb of cliches meant to knock you senseless and make you surrender. "Americans choose hope over fear," Biden droned, "Truth over lies, light over darkness." We lost track after that. Our brains shut down.
Mission accomplished.
The news media didn't care. They didn't even notice. They weren't listening to him. They have no interest in what Joe Biden says. They got him elected. He's their guy and that's that.
Technically, Joe Biden is now the President of the United States, the most powerful man in the world. So maybe someone somewhere could keep track of what he is doing. But no, reporters covered Joe Biden like he's an actor on press tour for the hot new summer blockbuster, he and his dazzling co-star, Kamala.

BRIAN WILLIAMS, MSNBC: His use of voice modulation was rather extraordinary given the television era, and it served as cover at times for unspooling and ambition in this speech that was Rooseveltian in size and scope.
VAN JONES, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: It's really beautiful, I mean, it's beautiful. He is developing a kind of positive populism.
ANDREA MITCHELL, NBC NEWS ANCHOR: He also talked about the soul of America and that was so passionate when he talked about the injustice -- the knee of injustice is on the neck of Black America.
NICOLLE WALLACE, MSNBC ANCHOR: His connections to the people in this room - - I'm not even sure if all of them are deserving of them, but he does not care. He gives to them the benefit of the doubt.
JONES: And his voice, that kind of grandfatherly whispery voice and the fact that it actually wasn't a big raucous crowd, let that intimacy really land.
LAWRENCE O'DONNELL, MSNBC ANCHOR: Every single sentence had a very clear point to it and every line had that Biden humility in it.
MARTHA RADDATZ, ABC NEWS ANCHOR: He is really trying to bring the country together. It was a Make America Feel Good night.

CARLSON: Wait a second. Was that the President of the United States talking? No, that's what you thought. In fact, it was Jesus in aviator glasses. What Joe Biden said last night was beautiful. Beautiful. It was intimate. Grandfatherly. Indeed, Rooseveltian.
Joe Biden spoke to the soul of America. He connected with people who didn't even deserve to be connected with. Hopeless sinners, redeemed by his voice alone -- a voice that is not, and we want to be clear about this, the fading monotone of a 78-year-old man who is losing his grip. No, it's not.
Joe Biden's voice modulates. It has the capacity to change pitch in a way that is -- and we're quoting now -- "rather extraordinary."
And so on, we could keep going with this, if we wanted -- cable news is a rich vein -- but we'll stop now and return to reality.
A powerful politician gave a speech about how he plans to change your life. So, we feel obligated to tell you what he said and not simply commit a series of symbolic sex acts upon him.
So what did Biden actually say? Well, he said that people who disagree with him are terrorists, they are more dangerous than the jihadists who destroyed the World Trade Center. Watch.

BIDEN: A hundred days since I took the oath of office and lifted my hand off our family Bible and inherited a nation -- we all did -- that was in crisis. The worst pandemic in a century, the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, the worst attack on our democracy since the Civil War.

CARLSON: Really? The worst attack on our democracy in 160 years? How about the Immigration Act of 1965? That law completely changed the composition of America's voter rolls, purely to benefit the Democratic Party. That seems like kind of an assault on democracy, a permanent one.
But no. That was a good thing, because, in the end, it helped Joe Biden.
What's bad is when anyone other than Joe Biden has power. That's an attack on democracy, and the people who commit that attack deserve to be in solitary confinement in the D.C. jail, even if they only, technically speaking, committed misdemeanor trespassing.
So abandon those silly racist assumptions about how you have "rights" derived from some ancient piece of parchment decorated with a quill pen. The Bill of Rights? Come on.
As Joe Biden reminded us last night, no constitutional amendment is absolute. All of them are subject to his approval.

BIDEN: We need a ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. Don't tell me it can't be done.
I'll tell you that there are too many people today who are able to buy a gun, but shouldn't be able to buy a gun.
And no amendment to the Constitution is absolute. You can't yell fire in a crowded theater.

CARLSON: Don't tell me it can't be done. "No amendment to the Constitution is absolute." Wow. Glad to know that. Stupidly, we assumed the document was real. Now, we've learned that the 19th Amendment isn't absolute, so it'll be interesting to discover under what circumstances women can be prohibited from voting in elections.
Nancy Pelosi will be interested, too. Good thing the suffragettes are gone. They'd be upset to hear that.
And how about the 13th Amendment? That's a big one. Now, that Joe Biden has declared that that amendment and all of them are up for negotiation, maybe he will tell us when it's legal to enslave people.
It turns out that abolition wasn't really "absolute." The only thing that is absolute at this point is the power of the Democratic Party, and don't you dare resist it.
"You can't yell fire in a crowded theater," Biden pointedly told us last night. But of course, that depends entirely on the condition of the theater. If it actually is on fire, you should say so, loudly. If you think the presidential election was stolen, by God, speak up, and that is the right that's at stake here -- the right to speak your conscience, to say the obvious, to tell the truth.
That was very much the right at stake in the summer of 1917, when an earlier Democratic administration arrested a man called Charles Schenck. Schenck was a socialist who opposed America's entry into the First World War, the Iraq War of its day.
Schenck had 15,000 pamphlets printed. They didn't advocate violence, they argued against the military draft, which Schenck believed was unconstitutional. In fact, the headline of the essay was, "Long live the Constitution of the United States."
Woodrow Wilson, the President, promptly had him arrested. Federal agents raided Schenck's office, they seized his pamphlets, they carted him off to jail. He was charged and then convicted under the Espionage Act. You hear the word "espionage" a lot. He was convicted of that, and he was sent to Federal prison, and not just him.
The Woodrow Wilson administration prosecuted thousands of other Americans for daring to oppose its policies. The phrase "shouting fire in a crowded theater" comes from the Supreme Court case, Schenck vs. United States that resulted from those arrests.
According to a reading of the case the Wilson administration preferred at the time, Charles Schenck was not exercising his First Amendment rights by disagreeing with the White House. He was "shouting fire in a crowded theater," he was endangering the public. He was a criminal who deserved jail.
Joe Biden knows all this, of course. He was chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. That's one of the most famous Supreme Court cases in history. Biden is squarely on Woodrow Wilson's side of the argument, the side that crushes civil liberties in order to achieve political imperatives.
Just recently, Biden once again obliquely referred to the Schenck case while speaking at the White House.

BIDEN: But no amendment, no amendment to the Constitution is absolute. You can't yell "Fire" in a crowded movie theater and call it freedom of speech.

CARLSON: So, you can't yell "Fire" in a crowded theater even if the theater is burning. You must read the script. That's the message. You thought you could say what you wanted in a free country. That was your birthright. But it's not anymore. Your opinion is not legitimate if it deviates from Joe Biden's opinion. You yourself are not legitimate.
In fact, if you disagree with Joe Biden or the afternoon panel on MSNBC that represents him, you are a white supremacist. So by definition, you have lost your rights. The national security state has determined that you're a terrorist.

BIDEN: And we won't ignore what our Intelligence Agencies have determined to be the most lethal terrorist threat to the homeland today. White supremacy is terrorism. We're not going to ignore that either.
My fellow Americans, look, we have to come together to heal the soul of this nation.

CARLSON: We have to come together to heal the soul of the nation by attacking our fellow Americans using a phrase no one will define.
What does coming together mean? Well, it means that because of a concept called "white supremacy," again, a phrase the left endlessly invokes, but never defines, your civil liberties have now been suspended.
By the way, the whole point of the Derek Chauvin murder trial was to inform you of that.
Traditionally in this country, we force ourselves to assume criminal defendants are innocent until proven otherwise, even if we have video. That's our system; innocent until proven guilty. Not anymore.
Once you've been identified as a White supremacist, you don't get a fair trial because you're not entitled to a fair trial. A sitting Member of Congress can threaten to burn down a city if you're not convicted, and the people in charge will applaud her as she does, and they did.
And even if a jury does somehow acquit you, you will still be found guilty. That was the plan. In Derek Chauvin's case, the Justice Department made plans to arrest Derek Chauvin in court if the jury found him innocent. So if he was acquitted, he was going to be arrested anyway. He had to be guilty. Period.
Now, there was a time, like twenty minutes ago, where charging someone twice for the same crime was called double jeopardy. It's unconstitutional, it always has been. But not anymore. Now that white supremacists roam the land, no right is absolute.
That was the message of last night's speech: beautiful. The only remaining principle in this country is that you can't oppose the people in charge.
Now, Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani learned that the hard way yesterday when Federal agents raided his home and took his files.
By our count, Giuliani is at least the third attorney to have his personal communications with former President Donald Trump seized by the Justice Department. Sense a theme here?
Rudy Giuliani joins us to tell us what happened.
Mr. Mayor, thanks so much for coming on. Now, if you'd been reading the Twitter feed of The Lincoln Project, the Democratic hacks who got Joe Biden elected, you would have known that Federal agents were about to raid your home. They knew before you did, but apparently you weren't. Tell us what happened yesterday.
RUDY GIULIANI, FORMER PRESIDENT TRUMP'S PERSONAL ATTORNEY: Well, about six o'clock in the morning, there was a big bang, bang, bang on the door. And outside were seven -- seven F.B.I. agents with a warrant for electronics.
And I looked at the warrant, and I said, you know, this is extraordinary, because I've offered to give these to the government and talk it over with them for two years. I don't know why they have to do this.
The agents seemed somewhat apologetic, I might say. They were very, very professional and very gentlemanly.
The only time they got perturbed is at the end of the search, when they had taken about, I'd say seven or eight electronic items of mine, which is what they took, and two of someone else's, I -- they weren't taking the three hard drives, which of course are electronic devices. They just mimic the computer.
I said, "Well, don't you want these?" And they said, "What are they?" I said, "Those are Hunter Biden's hard drives." And they said "No, no, no, no."
I said, "Are you sure you don't want them?" I mean, the warrant required them to take it? And they said "Nah." And one last time I said, "Don't you think you should take it?" And they said no.
Now, Hunter Biden's hard drives fall within the scope of the subpoena. The subpoena required them to take all electronics, but they decided to leave that behind and they also were completely content to rely on my word that these were Hunter Biden's hard drives. I mean, they could have been Donald Trump's, they could have been Vladimir Putin's. They could have been anybody's.
But they relied on me, the man who had to be raided in the morning because I'm going to destroy the evidence, I've known about this for two years, Tucker. I could have destroyed the evidence -- I didn't destroy the evidence because evidence is exculpatory. It proves that the President and I and all of us are innocent. They are the ones who are committing -- it's like -- it's like projection. They're committing the crimes.
CARLSON: Well, may I just interject to say, it is, I think literally projection. So from what we have read in the press, the Department of Justice wants to know whether you violated FARA, the Foreign Agents Registration Act in representing foreign nationals, Ukrainians for pay. You didn't register. They're saying that may have been a crime.
We know for a fact that Hunter Biden didn't that. He didn't register under FARA. He represented Ukrainians. He probably made a lot more than you did. He also represented Chinese nationals, lobbying his dad and he has not been charged with a FARA violation. Am I missing something here?
GIULIANI: Yes, you're missing, you know equal administration of justice, which is what we don't have anymore. The reality is, the hard drives contain somewhere between a dozen or more violations of FARA that are spelled out completely failure to register. The fact is, it also spells out as we now know, a clear violation of the Gun Act, the application is a straight out fraud. He says, I'm not an addict. We have a picture of him five days before smoking crack pipe behind the wheel of a car, and then saying under oath that he is not an addict.
And it's the left that gets all perturbed about people who are mentally unstable, having done so -- well, he was unstable, that he's been -- unfortunately, and tragically, I feel sorry for that part of Hunter Biden. I think his father exploited him.
But the reality is, he is still a danger to the public if he is driving an automobile or holding a gun, but they don't care about that.
They come instead to my apartment, when I'm willing to talk to them, civilly myself and second, I can tell you, I never ever represented a foreign national, In fact, I have in my contracts, a refusal to do it, because from the time I got out of being Mayor, I didn't want to lobby. Never did. Never did it to Bush, never did it to Obama, never did it with Trump and I can prove it. Just give me an opportunity.
But instead, they had a break down -- well, I wouldn't say break down, but smash on my doors in a frightening way. Lucky, I don't get frightened very easily. I handled them very professionally and they handled me very professionally. I want to make that point.
Also, I am a lawyer who has prosecuted a lot more serious cases that have been prosecuted in the U.S. Attorney's office since I left, and the reality is, that that warrant is completely illegal.
The only way you can get a search warrant is if you can show that there's some evidence that the person is going to destroy the evidence, or is going to run away with the evidence.
Well, I've had it for two years, and I haven't destroyed it. And they also got it from the iCloud. So there was no justification for that warrant, it is an illegal, unconstitutional warrant, one of many that this Department of injustice tragically has done. And it breaks my heart because I belong to the Justice Department, and I think I had a record that's a hell of a lot better than theirs.
CARLSON: Joe Biden said he didn't know, The Lincoln Project knew, the guys who covered up child molestation, but Joe Biden says he didn't know that this raid was coming. Do you take that at face value?
GIULIANI: Maybe he doesn't remember. I'm not sure if he can retain anything for more than about, you know, the time it takes to read it. But in any event, who cares if he knew or not. And the reality is how -- The Lincoln Project knowing means that they have a serious leak in a very important investigation.
We have been warning them of that for two years. My lawyer Bob Castello has written to them four times to plug up the leaks. They've done nothing to do that. And just --
CARLSON: So just to frame this -- may I interrupt you? I just -- I should have done this at the outset. I just want to be easily certain that we understand, our viewers understand what it is the Justice Department says they are investigating.
We've read it's a FARA violation. Is there something else? What have they said to you about what they're looking into?
GIULIANI: They haven't said anything. They won't explain to me what they are looking into for two years. We've called them five, six occasions, said, tell us what you're investigating, we'll come in and address it. No, just come in and talk to us, tell us about your whole life. Of course, that's ridiculous. And so I have to go, I have to go as a lawyer on the search warrant.
The search warrant is purportedly based on one single failure to file for representing a Ukrainian national or official that I've never represented. I've never represented a Ukrainian national or official before the United States government. I've declined it several times. I've had contracts in countries like Ukraine. In the contract is a clause that says "I will not engage in lobbying or foreign representation."
I don't do it, because I felt it would be too compromising. Here I am in the middle of representing the President of the United States on a charge that I believe he was innocent of. I had great passion about that. If you're a lawyer, and you're representing an innocent man, there's no greater burden you can have.
And my sole concentration, and I am so offended by the things they said about me -- my sole concentration from the beginning here, Tucker, was to find evidence that would prove what I knew that he was innocent of Russian collusion and that he was innocent of doing anything improper.
He did exactly what a President should do with the President of Ukraine. He asked him to investigate a Vice President who violated our laws over and over again, 30 years of the Biden crime family violating our laws. That is what is on the hard drive that they have censored and that's why they want to put me in jail.
CARLSON: One of the great ironies is, the Democratic Party is hysterical on the subject of Russia, in part because they have take in so much money from Ukraine, which of course fears Russia, and has for an awful long time. They are being paid to hate Russia.
But let me just ask you this. So now, they have taken your phone. They've taken -- they've got all your text, they've got all your digital communications. So unless you've been in mass 12 hours a day for the last five years, like is there anybody who could who -- no, it is a sincere question. I'm not -- I mean, is there anybody the Justice Department was out for you, and they've got every text you've ever sent and every e-mail that they couldn't find something to charge you with?
Do you think this is going to remain a FARA investigation? Or could it get much bigger, quickly?
GIULIANI: Well, I think it should get much bigger. I think they should be investigated for blatantly violating my constitutional rights, the President's constitutional rights. In the middle of the impeachment, defense, they invaded, without telling me my iCloud. They took documents that are privileged, and then they unilaterally decided what they could read and not read.
So the prosecutors, the Justice Department, spied on me. And that is, if that is not taken seriously, if that doesn't result in them being sanctioned, the case being dismissed, and it's stopping, this is no longer -- we might as well be in, you know, East Berlin before the wall fell.
This is -- this is tactics only known in a dictatorship, where you seize a lawyer's records, right in the middle of his representation of his client. I mean, you should be prosecuted and disbarred for that. You shouldn't be prosecuting somebody else.
CARLSON: I agree. I agree with that.
GIULIANI: They're a disgrace to a great department. They're a disgrace to a great department that I served honorably and well.
CARLSON: It's shocking. I hope you'll come back. I have a feeling we're going to be hearing a lot about this story.
GIULIANI: I will.
CARLSON: Former Mayor, Rudy Giuliani. Thank you.
So Hunter Biden lobbies the Vice President of the United States on behalf of Ukraine, does not register, gets rich doing it and he gets a job teaching at Tulane University. Someone criticizes that and the F.B.I. shows up at his house.
What does that mean for the rule of law in this country? Francey Hakes, a former Federal prosecutor joins us to react to what it means.
We'll be right back.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
CARLSON: So we just spoke to former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani one day after his home was raided by F.B.I. agents and his personal electronic devices were seized.
Minutes ago, President Trump's former attorney spoke about what happened to him and compared it to how the Biden family has been treated. The allegation lobbying on behalf of Ukraine, the U.S. government without registering it. We know for a fact that Hunter Biden did that.
Here's how they treated Rudy Giuliani. Here's a quick excerpt of that interview.

GIULIANI: My sole concentration from the beginning here, Tucker, was to find evidence that would prove what I knew that he was innocent of Russian collusion, and that he was innocent of doing anything improper. He did exactly what a President should do with the President of Ukraine. He asked him to investigate a Vice President who violated our laws over and over again, 30 years of the Biden crime family violating our laws. That is what is on the hard drive that they have censored and that's why they want to put me in jail.

CARLSON: Francey Hakes is a former Federal prosecutor. She joins us to assess all of this. Francey, thanks so much for coming.
There's a lot of the detail about Ukraine that I don't understand, I'm not that interested in. But the big picture is really, really clear.
We know for a fact that hunter Biden was paid a ton of money to lobby on behalf of interest in Ukraine, foreign interest, the U.S. government, including his father, then the Vice President. No FARA violation there.
Giuliani is being accused of a lesser crime and the F.B.I. shows up. The contrast couldn't be clearer. What do you make of that?
FRANCEY HAKES, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: Well, you know, Tucker, it is really disturbing. I have typed up hundreds of Federal search warrants myself and stood next to a Federal agent that raised her hand and swore that the information inside the affidavit was true and correct to the best of their knowledge upon penalty of perjury and given the Judge who signed the warrant, probable cause, to believe that the crime that I typed as being the possible offense had been committed and that the evidence of it would be found in the place that we named.
It doesn't make sense to me, it really doesn't compute to me that you've got Giuliani, the subject of a Federal search warrant, which is very serious considering he is a lawyer. It had to go all the way up to the Deputy Attorney General, Lisa Monaco who I used to work with in the Deputy Attorney General's Office and she had to approve it.
And at the same time, as you say, you've got Hunter Biden, who apparently committed or it seems as though he may have committed FARA violations himself or even public corruption. Where are the search warrants for his devices?
I also found it mystifying that Mayor Giuliani said that he had the hard drives of Hunter Biden with all this evidence in it, and he offered it to the Bureau and they left without it. That is passing strange. That makes no sense.
And in fact, if the warrant said what Mayor Giuliani said it did, and it required them to seize all of his electronic devices, why wouldn't they take those?
CARLSON: You're right.
HAKES: It almost seems --
CARLSON: Please, go ahead.
HAKES: I was just going to say, it almost seems as though they didn't want to know what was on those hard drives and that really tells us, if that's true, it tells us that this is a classic phishing expedition. It isn't really a FARA investigation, because I'm not sure there's probable cause to believe that Mayor Giuliani committed a FARA violation.
But what this seems like is a classic throw the line in for the small violation, seize all the electronics, and that's when you find larger violations that you can prosecute.
CARLSON: Exactly. Exactly right. No one was charged under FARA for 50 years. It's too hard to prove. But as long as you're charging people under FARA, we can think of a lot of people who need some Federal scrutiny.
This is -- this is unequal application of law, obviously. I appreciate you coming on, Francey Hakes, with your experience in this.
HAKES: Thanks, Tucker.
CARLSON: We've got news about our new documentary series, "Tucker Carlson Originals." The second episode is out there now, two of them available on foxnation.com. The second is called "Green Energy Scams," and it's a poignant story, the decimation of the last great American forest in the Eastern United States, the Great North Woods of Maine, and the justification is green energy. Here's a preview of it.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What they are going to do is they're going to cut a right of way over 300 feet wide, a football field, the size of the New Jersey Turnpike, the size of the Mass Turnpike, it's huge.
CARLSON (voice over): The proposed corridor is such a vast scar on the land that it will be visible from miles away from places like Bustles Hunting Camp.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're going to be able to see the scar cut right straight across that mountain right there.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're now going to have blinking lights on these hundred-foot powers that are out there, 124 towers that are out there that are going to be 48 inches in diameter. They're going to be huge. People are going to see this from miles away.

CARLSON: That's the modern environmental movement. You've got to destroy the Earth in order to save it.
That's the second installment of "Tucker Carlson Originals," our documentary series on FOX Nation right now.
Episode one, as we told you "Chicago in Crisis," is already up. You know where to get them.
Well, the Governor of Michigan wants you to know that traveling to Florida is dangerous, don't go there, and she knows for a fact because she secretly went there but she won't tell you what she did there because that's the national security secret. We will speak to the last reporter in the State of Michigan after the break.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
CARLSON: The first thing you should know about Michigan Governor, Gretchen Whitmer -- there's a lot of things you should know -- but the very first is she takes the coronavirus very seriously. That's why she banned people in Michigan from buying paint last year. That's why she is now forcing all two-year-olds in the state to wear masks.
It's also why she went on television recently to warn the people of Michigan that they should not travel to Florida because Florida is dangerous.

GOV. GRETCHEN WHITMER (D-MI): Well, at the end of the day, this is going to come down to whether or not everyone does their part. That's the most important thing.
This variant, the b.1.1.7 variant is what is growing so quickly here in Michigan with the second most of it than I think right after Florida, at least, that was the last data that I saw.
Michigan and Florida are not next to each other. But this is the time of the year that snowbirds come home from Florida, where people are going on spring break and all of these things can contribute to spread --

CARLSON: It's dangerous to go to Florida, everyone has to do their part. Don't go to Florida.
Well, not long after that, we learned that Gretchen Whitmer had gone to Florida earlier this year. Now, we don't know how long she was in Florida. We don't know where in Florida she went. No one can find out because her office is citing, quote, "security concerns."
Charlie LeDuff worked at "The New York Times" for a long time. He won a Pulitzer Prize there. Then he left, went back to Michigan and started doing even better journalism. He is now the last real journalist in the state pretty much I would say.
Charlie LeDuff, thanks so much for coming on tonight.
CHARLIE LEDUFF, JOURNALIST: Thanks, brother.
CARLSON: So it's a pretty simple question: why don't you, as a Michigander have a right to know what exactly your Governor was doing in Florida?
LEDUFF: Beats me. I'll tell you what, here's some breaking news. I was talking to the Florida State Police and they don't have a record of her calling up and asking for some executive security, which is normally the course of action, so she didn't want anybody to know.
So Madam Governor, tell us all when you went, how long you went and when exactly you returned? That would be nice.
CARLSON: Well, yes because --
LEDUFF: And whose jet did you take?
CARLSON: Well, that -- oh, that's the other question --how did she get there? I mean, you could be in a position where your Governor is a super spreader and you wouldn't know, so you've obviously asked these questions. I hope others have asked. Tell us what kind of answer you've received from the Governor's Office.
LEDUFF: Here's the thing. I find out not only did I find out that she went, I found out that her Health Director went down to Margaritaville in the middle of the pandemic, not fully vaccinated nor was the Governor.
I asked the questions, I do the gentlemanly journalistic thing, and I wait. And while I'm waiting, they leak it to a friendly outlet that puts icing on the cake and a couple of rosettes, you know, the candy cane. So it all comes out sweet. I want the answers.
She said, her people said, you can't get that answer because of ongoing threats. Well, if there was ongoing threats, why didn't you call the State Troopers in Florida? Answer that.
CARLSON: That's a great question. And by the way, this is a trip that's already happened. So how would it be a threat to the Governor's security to tell us something that she has already done?
LEDUFF: Hello, man, this is the state I'm living in, Tucker. And again, look, okay, you say your dad's sick. That's fine. But a servant leader eats last, leaves the burning building last and leads by example.
You don't go see your dad, just like I couldn't see my dying brother three weeks ago, draw his last breath, because that's what we do. I thought that's what we do. But some of us do and some of us don't.
CARLSON: Well, that's an awful story.
LEDUFF: Well, it's a true story.
CARLSON: Well, there's your story. So first of all, I'm sorry, I didn't know that. And second, the State of Michigan, its regulations prevented you from seeing your brother as he died. But your Governor jets down to Florida, probably on a private plane, because she wants to see her dad.
LEDUFF: Yes. And you know, when she says we, she said a couple of weeks earlier, or about 10 days before she got caught out that she hasn't left in 14 months. Her last trip was to Israel. That should have been a red flag because everybody knows she went to the Inauguration. You went to see your dad.
We were locked down by her last April. We couldn't go to our, you know, our fishing shack. You couldn't go between. This is what we're living with.
Just be honest. Be straight. And when people aren't told it straight and clear, they start to rebel. So here's what you got. It's over. Nobody is listening. This thing is going to spread. It's not killing children. It's still attacking the old and the obese, and she has lost control of the state. That's the fact.
CARLSON: Exactly, because she doesn't deserve control of the state. Charlie LeDuff, thank you for asking those questions and for your persistence.
LEDUFF: Oh, yes, by the way, bro, I'm going to get an answer on my lawsuit about those nursing homes soon and when I do, I'll call you.
CARLSON: I hope you'll come back. Okay. Charlie LeDuff of Michigan. Thank you.
Well, for years, the nanny state has tried to ban menthol cigarettes and for years, people like Al Sharpton said that's an attack on African- Americans. But Joe Biden has decided that he is going to ban menthol cigarettes and flavored blunts. What's that about?
We'll tell you after the break.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
CARLSON: Joe Biden is trying to spend about $200 billion for universal taxpayer funded daycare for all three and four-year-olds in the United States. If enacted, it would affect more than five million children. Now, this has been mostly ignored as a not significant story.
But the question of who raises your children may be the most significant question of all. It affects, not simply your kids, but the future of the country.
Is this a good idea? And what is the emphasis on this say about our priorities?
J.D. Vance has thought a lot about this. He is of course the author for "Hillbilly Elegy," and he joins us tonight.
J.D. Vance, thanks so much for coming on. I don't know why the story is kind of brushed past by most people in favor of stories that are maybe less significant, but is -- what does this tell you about what we care about as a country or the Biden demonstration cares about?
J.D. VANCE, AUTHOR, "HILLBILLY ELEGY": Well, I think tells you that they care much more about the preferences of our ruling class elites than they do about the preferences of middle class Americans.
If you look at poll after poll, it shows that the ruling class family model is just different from what middle class Americans want. The ruling class is obsessed with their jobs. Even though they hate a lot of their jobs, they are obsessed with their credentials, and they want strangers to raise their kids.
But middle class Americans, whatever their station in life, they want more time with their children, even if they are working, they want the opportunity to spend more time with their kids and not be forced to send them to daycare.
And so what this policy really represents is an effort to subsidize the preference of our ruling class over the preference of our middle and working classes. And what's so troubling about this is, it doesn't have to be like that.
Tucker, you know that I'm a big fan of providing support to parents, because I want there to be more children, I want American families to prosper. We could just do that, and then the parents could choose to send their kids to daycare if they wanted, but they can also choose to spend more time at home with their children, as most normal Americans actually want.
CARLSON: I love how they call it preschool, like it's an education initiative. It is daycare, let's just -- let's just say that out loud, hire other people.
So how do those numbers break down? I mean, the numbers that I have seen suggests that a lot of poor people, a lot of African-Americans, a ton of Hispanic voters would prefer to have the option to raise their own kids when they're little. Why not make the pitch to them? Why aren't Republicans seizing this?
VANCE: Well, I unfortunately think that too many Republicans are worried about the process of this, the natural establishment G.O.P. response to this policy as well, this spends too much money, but the Democrats are always focused about spending money to accomplish their vision of society.
And what Republicans should be saying to the working class, Hispanic, black and white Americans all across the board is, "We want you to have the flexibility to raise your children as you see fit, and we are willing to spend the resources to make that happen." The other thing that's really missed about this story, Tucker, which is completely bonkers, given the last year is that this gives more authority to the teachers unions.
If you want your children to be raised from the age of two to 18 by the people who have shut down the schools for the last year, then you should be supporting this universal benefit. If you actually want to give parents more power. There is another way to do this. We just have to have the power. And frankly, the courage as Republicans and conservatives to actually advocate for it.
CARLSON: It's such a great point, but they are afraid because it's a culture war issue. No, it's like the only issue that matters.
I hope you give them strength by your bravery in bringing up this topic and by being clear thinking about it. The Great J.D. Vance, thank you.
VANCE: Thanks, Tucker.
CARLSON: So we're getting a lot less judgey about drugs, we can debate whether that's a good idea. We're getting even more judgey about tobacco. It's interesting.
So the White House is saying that you can light up a joint whenever you want, but you can't smoke a menthol cigarette because that's bad. Someone should do a study on which of those raises testosterone levels and which of them lowers it. We don't know.
We'll tell you the details, next.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
CARLSON: We have identified America's greatest problem. It turns out, it is menthol cigarettes and flavored blunts. The White House is going to ban them now.
FOX's Trace Gallagher is on this aromatic story -- Trace.
TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Tucker, the proposed F.D.A. ban on menthol cigarettes is a huge win for anti-smoking activists who say that menthol takes away the harshness of smoking, making it more approachable to young people and black people. And the F.D.A. says 85 percent of black smokers choose menthol.
Critics like the NAACP also accused tobacco companies of predatory marketing by aggressively targeting black communities. But cigarette makers say that getting rid of menthol will lead to unintended consequences like crime and the ACLU echoed that sentiment tweeting quote: "A menthol cigarette ban would disproportionately affect communities of color, resulting in criminalization and more incarceration, we can avoid this approach."
Experts also point out this proposal could take years to implement and will undoubtedly lead to lawsuits and lengthy court battles. In fact, anti- smoking groups have been trying to ban menthol cigarettes for decades.
We should note this ban would also involve fruit flavored tobacco products mostly used in small cigars which are also popular in black communities, and studies also show those who strongly oppose the menthol cigarette ban are those with the highest prevalence of menthol use leading many to wonder if it is discrimination to ban cigarettes primarily because of the race of the people who buy them -- Tucker.
CARLSON: It's all so crazy. Trace Gallagher, great to see you tonight. Thank you for that report.
GALLAGHER: Thank you.
CARLSON: Poor people don't have too many pleasures left in this country. Why don't we leave them alone for once? That would be great.
The second episode in our documentary series is out on Fox Nation. It is pretty good, we'd say. I hope you like it.
We'll be back tomorrow. We are out of time. Sean Hannity takes over for the evening.

CARLSON: Good evening and welcome to TUCKER CARLSON TONIGHT.
On Friday, Joe Biden participated in a kind of Summit with more than a dozen other world leaders. They were all there, including the guy who runs France.
The meeting itself turned out to be only marginally interesting. What got your attention was Joe Biden.
Of the 16 heads of state who were present, only Joe Biden wore a facemask. He sat there silently, nose and mouth covered in black cloth like a wrestler from an old Western, as maskless Vladimir Putin held forth on international affairs.
But here was the weirdest part. That meeting took place over Zoom. None of the leaders were in the same room. They were thousands of miles from each other. So why was Joe Biden, who has been fully vaccinated, the only one wearing a mask? No one asked that question.
All precautions against COVID are considered legitimate by the American news media no matter how self-evidently lunatic they may be. Cover your face during a Zoom call. Drive to work alone with a mask on. It's all normal, says the "New York Times."
But then finally, yesterday, our own Peter Doocy, at the White House asked what the hell was going on? And here's the response he got.

PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Why was President Biden the only world leader at the Climate Summit Zoom, who was wearing a mask?
JEN PSAKI, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Because he is sending a message to the world that he is putting in place precautions and continuing to do that, as leader of the United States.
And I don't know what setups they all had in their countries that may warrant some more reporting or not, but obviously, he had a pool there for portions, there were additional staff there, additional personnel. And that's the sort of model that we try to keep ourselves to here.

CARLSON: Oh, so there we go. That's the answer. Joe Biden was sending a message to the world. And that message was not as we had suspected that Joe Biden has some sort of emotional disorder that makes him afraid of conference calls. No, not at all.
The message, as his flack explained, is the Joe Biden is quote, "putting in place precautions." Those of course would be sensible precautions, precautions against Zoom. Because it turns out that COVID is digitally transmissible. It travels through the fibers through WiFi networks.
The virus embeds itself among the ones and zeros and then springs unsuspected, teeth bared and ready to strike from any available hotspot, whether it's at Starbucks, down in your basement rec room, even in the Oval Office. Digital COVID could be anywhere. Where there's an internet connection, there's a pandemic.
So mask up on those Zoom calls, ladies and gentlemen, YouTube and online backgammon, too.
We are kidding, of course. If that were true, we'd be super spreaders given we're in the digital media business, and we would hate to bear that burden.
In the end, the White House never really did explain why Joe Biden was wearing a face mask on a Zoom call after getting fully vaccinated. You're not supposed to ask, you're supposed to except that. It's a good thing. Shut up.
Just like you're not supposed to ask questions about why children are being forced to wear facemasks while they exercise outside. That doesn't make sense, in fact, it is dangerous.
Kids are not at great risk from COVID. The coronavirus generally doesn't spread outdoors, we've got a lot of studies that prove that, and wearing a mask when you're breathing heavily is not good for you, to say nothing of the psychological effect of it. But whatever, shut up.
Last night, we did not shut up and we asked those simple questions and for our trouble, Bill Kristol promptly denounced us as Nazis. Pretty funny.
Ask whatever questions you like, as long as they are not relevant questions and you don't insist on answers to them. Those are the rules. Break the rules and you're a bad person.
But as it happens, the C.D.C. did finally coincidentally offer us some clarity today and we're grateful for that. Joe Biden shuffled outside to announce the new mask guidelines. Watch the scene.

QUESTION: If the risk is so low outdoors, why doesn't this new guidance apply to everybody?
JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Because the science indicates that this most certain way to make sure it doesn't spread if both people have been vaccinated. The people you're with and you're outside.
QUESTION: And you chose to wear a mask? Sir, you chose to wear a mask? You chose to wear a mask as you walked out here. What message were you sending by wearing a mask outside alone?
BIDEN: And watching me take it off and I put it back on like I did inside.

CARLSON: Got it? So, here are the standards. The government is now allowing people who have been fully vaccinated to go outside without masks as long as they remain with other people who have been fully vaccinated, but only under certain circumstances.
So why you may ask was Joe Biden walking alone to the mask announcement with a mask on like it was a Zoom call or something? Because they put him in a costume and he forgot he had it. A mask? Oh yes, right. Took it off.
The whole thing inspired more amusement than confidence. But here's the real headline: according to the C.D.C., Americans must remain under COVID restrictions indefinitely, even those who have been fully vaccinated. Fully vaccinated Americans must continue to wear masks at all times while they are indoors, whether they are in church or getting a haircut or walking into a restaurant.
So get a vaccine cover your face. Period. No one is saying so. But consider the logic here, it doesn't make any sense.
We know the vaccine works. We know that anyone who wants a vaccine in this country can get one. They've told us those two things again, and again and most of us are willing to believe that they're true. But if they are true, then why wear masks? Anyone who is afraid of getting COVID can get a vaccine, and then everyone else can return to normal life, including people who don't want to get the vaccine.
The people who want it can get it and they'll be protected and that should be the end.
So why the mask fetish? Honestly, what's the answer? Well, no one will say.
Instead, the C.D.C. has produced a new round of guidelines that are about as indecipherable as a Turkish train schedule. Next up, Istanbul -- or is it Ankara? We still don't know.
According to the C.D.C., fully vaccinated Americans can go on maskless bike rides with other fully vaccinated bike riders. They can even have dinner outside. Oh, bless you, C.D.C. Thank you.
But they may not under any circumstances, despite their vaccines, attend baseball games or music concerts or parades. Why is that? I don't know. Just speculating, maybe because they will unknowingly carry the coronavirus and accidentally infect people who have refused to take the vaccine. That's our only guess. Joe Biden didn't explain.
Once he got his mask off, he just asserted it. Watch.

BIDEN: I want to be absolutely clear. If you're in a crowd, like a stadium or at a conference, or a concert, you still need to wear a mask, even if you're outside.
CARLSON: Okay, so see if you can fit these two thoughts in your head, accept them both as true and see if they match like Lego pieces or if they repel one another.
Vaccinated people have to wear masks outside. Joe Biden just told us that, but at the same time, vaccines work perfectly and if you suggest otherwise, you're a Nazi and we're going to ban you from the internet.
Okay, what is going on here? We never learned.
According to Joe Biden, the science isn't really the point. The point as always, is race, and that's the one subject the White House is always delighted to talk about as long as it's from their very specific perspective.
Here's Joe Biden telling you that it's a sign of quote "progress" that certain racial groups are more protected from the virus than other groups.

BIDEN: I said from the beginning that we are going to fight this virus with equity, equity for all. As a matter of fact, if I'm not mistaken, there are more Latinos and African-American seniors that have been vaccinated as a percentage than white seniors. These numbers are a sign of progress on that front as well.

CARLSON: Oh, and now it's getting even more confusing. It is equity, he says, but we thought equity meant achieving the same outcome. If that's true, why was Joe Biden bragging about different outcomes, but calling it equity? Maybe there's another meanings of the word equity. We'll make a note to check up on that.
Meantime, next up in today's edition of pandemic theater, here's the new Director of the C.D.C. bringing much needed actual science to bear on these questions. Again, why are vaccinated people -- fully vaccinated people -- being told to wear facemasks? That's what we are wondering, and here's her answer.

DR. ROCHELLE WALENSKY, DIRECTOR, CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION: And right now, it's very hard to tease apart who is vaccinated, where they are in the vaccination. So it's not just to protect themselves, but largely to protect others and really to protect the unvaccinated.

CARLSON: Did you catch the last line? Save that on TiVo? Wearing masks is -- we are quoting -- "really to protect the unvaccinated." Oh, there you go. That's the answer. And it's just as we guessed, the vaccine is now universally available, everyone can get it. But because some people have chosen not to get the vaccine, the rest of us must continue to live as if we haven't gotten the vaccine either. That's the reasoning.
Because some people decide not to wear seatbelts, you can't drive. That's just science. Got it? Thanks, Mom.
So how do we fix this problem? The problem of people who refuse to get vaccinated for whom we are pretending that we haven't been vaccinated either? Hmm.
Thankfully, our media were on the scene with fresh ideas about how to solve that problem. Here's the race lady from MSNBC finally putting her Harvard degree to work.
It is simple, she said, just charge people who don't get the vaccine with felonies.

JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Now the vaccine resistant Trump crowd is becoming a problem for the rest of us. That's because the country is fast approaching a tipping point when vaccine hesitancy will become the biggest hurdle to achieving herd immunity.
So after a while, so-called vaccine hesitancy might be better described as reckless endangerment.

CARLSON: Oh, wait a second, Harvard educated race lady, now you're really confusing us. If you've gotten the vaccine, why is other people's refusal to get the vaccine a problem for you? If the vaccine is so effective, why are the people who choose to get mad at the people who choose not to get it? Huh?
Do people who have slimmed down from gastric bypass yell at fat people on the street? You wouldn't think so. It's not really their business. Your body your choice, remember?
But your body, your choice is definitely not the standard with the COVID vaccine. With the COVID vaccine, it is your body, MSNBC's choice. Watch this guy explain.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know how we get to herd immunity unless we normalize the framework around vaccine certification. Listen, we're doing it in colleges. Some organizations are doing it.
We're in a global crisis. We have to reach herd immunity and the carrot and stick of, you get the vaccine you'll be able to participate and travel, restaurants -- you name it, because that's frankly easier for small businesses to adhere to.

CARLSON: Herd immunity? Boy, it seems like not so long ago, maybe it was back in the 50s or like last week that using the phrase "herd immunity" was enough to get you yanked off the air as an anti-vaxxer. Now, we are bragging about herd immunity.
But again, people who have got the vaccine and are totally safe are angry at the people who haven't gotten it because somehow they are endangering the people who are already vaccinated.
So to protect people who voluntarily have taken the risk of not getting the vaccine, we have to hurt those people. We've got to burn the village to save the village. As the doctor on television put it, we've got to use the carrot and the stick, but especially the stick.
Colleges love this idea. Many of them are requiring proof of vaccination as a condition of return to campus in the fall. In the State of California, both of the big state school systems, University of California and the Cal State system are forcing students returning to campus to prove they've been vaccinated.
Schools in New York, places like Columbia, Fordham, Syracuse, the big ones are doing exactly the same thing. What is interesting is that no one has bothered to explain why we are doing this.
Virtually no college-aged kids have died of COVID. In fact, according to an April report by the C.D.C., a total of 587 Americans between the ages of 15 and 24 died of the virus last year, most with profound underlying health conditions.
Many times that thousands and thousands and thousands died of suicide over the same period, which we're not concerned about. In the State of Michigan, which now requires two-year-olds to wear masks outside. There were just 13 coronavirus, total last year, for people aged 15 to 24. Compare that to overdose deaths in Michigan. It's a tiny fraction, not that we care about those either.
So the coronavirus doesn't kill a lot of young people, but it does infect quite a few of them and that's the other problem. Many thousands of college-aged kids already have been infected. They have antibodies from previous corona infections they're now recovered from.
Science suggests these kids are highly unlikely to be re-infected with COVID. So why are they being forced to get the vaccine? That's a serious question. That's not an anti-vaxxer question. That's the question people who support vaccines and care about them would ask.
Because we don't give medicine to people unnecessarily, that is unethical. Meningitis, for example, kills a fair number of people every year. But we don't require everyone to start a regimen of antibiotics before they return to work. That would be crazy. It would be wrong. We wouldn't do it.
But we are requiring universal vaccination even of kids who have already been infected. Is that a medically sound idea? Some physicians are concerned that it's not.
Joe Rogan over on the podcast voiced his concern on the air the other day, and here's what he said.

JOE ROGAN, PODCAST HOST: When people say, do you think it's safe to get vaccinated? I've said, yes, I think for the most part, it's safe to get vaccinated. I do. I do.
But if you're like 21 years old, and you say to me, should I get vaccinated? I go, no. Are you healthy? Are you a healthy person? Like, look, don't do anything stupid, but you should take care of yourself.
You should -- if you're a healthy person and you're exercising all the time and you're young, and you're eating well, like, I don't think you need to worry about this.

CARLSON: Yes, so if you're at risk, get the vaccine, protect yourself, and be happy with it. Be grateful we have the vaccine. And if you're not at risk, maybe you don't. Is that a crazy point? Oh, yes, it is. That's crazy.
"Joe Rogan's idiotic advice: healthy young people don't need COVID-19 vaccine," steered a headline, a representative headline of thedailybeast.com, America's foremost defender of ruling class absurdities.
You'll notice that the piece never explained why exactly Joe Rogan's advice was so idiotic. It just dismisses him as a moron. He's crazy. Don't listen to him. He is probably a Nazi -- or worse, a Trump voter. That's MSNBC's concern. Watch.

NICOLLE WALLACE, MSNBC HOST: I don't know how the right got so far ahead on creating such a political connotation around the conversation about vaccine passports.
There are all sorts of things you have to do to travel to all sorts of different places. How has that debate become so corrupted so early?
CLAIRE MCCASKILL, MSNBC POLITICAL ANALYST: I don't know, but it's bad. I live in a state that the state legislature is dominated by Trumpers and they are busy making it illegal for a business to require a passport, a vaccine passport.
And now, they are politicizing the appropriate way to encourage people to get vaccines, which will cost lives.

CARLSON: How did it get so political, says Jeb Bush's former flack and the longtime Governor of Missouri, political? See that? All the mouth breathers, the dumb people, the hillbillies and in-breeds, and extra chromosome folks, the Trumpers, are all spun up with their conspiracy theories about vaccine passports. Come on.
There are no vaccine passports. That's insane. It's Alex Jones stuff.
And by the way, just so you know, as proof, if you want to get a job, you'll need your vaccine papers.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Although it's always challenging in society to make things mandatory, perhaps in certain employment settings, especially where there is higher risk, we may as a society decide that mandatory vaccination is a reasonable thing to do in certain circumstances.

CARLSON: Did I just call Claire McCaskill, a former senator? Governor? Whatever. She was a senator, I guess.
Anyway, to recap, it's always challenging when you make things mandatory. Yes, it's also sometimes unconstitutional and not science. But whatever. Here's where we are right now.
If you want to live in this country, you will need a vaccination. If you're the right skin color, the government will celebrate when you get that vaccination. But either way, you must get it. The vaccine works perfectly. Do not question that. Then once you do get the vaccine, you must continue to live as if you didn't get the vaccine for the protection of people who chose not to get the vaccine. And if that bothers you, if you have any questions about why we're doing it this way, then you were a bad person, and we must hurt you.
So get ready to be unemployed, if not in prison for reckless endangerment. That's a felony.
We hope that settles your concerns tonight about the available science on vaccines. So roll up your sleeve.
Dr. Marty Makary is a Professor of Surgery at Johns Hopkins. He's the author of "The Price We Pay: What Broke American Healthcare and How to Fix it." He joins us tonight.
Doctor, thanks so much for coming on. So a medical question, so many political questions tonight, we will not tire you with, but a medical question and a sincere one. If you take say, a spike protein test, and it shows you have high levels of antibodies from a natural COVID infection from which you've recovered, should you be forced, compelled to get the vaccine?
DR. MARTY MAKARY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: No. And in fact, that's the case for many Americans. Up to half of Americans have circulating antibody from prior exposure or prior infection. That's the results of the seroprevalence studies out of California.
They were done back in February, and it showed that somewhere between 38 percent and 45 percent of the population had circulating antibodies at a time when we didn't have vaccines.
So there's a lot of natural immunity out there. It works.
We know the rates of reinfection are somewhere in the range of six tenths of one percent, and that's when there's a lot of infection out there. We also have a different virus now. Infection rates are much lower. That makes the risk of getting the infection outdoors, you know, in school settings, among young people, lower all the way around.
About 54 percent of adults have vaccinated immunity and about half that don't have natural immunity. So that means three out of four adults at every picnic, every restaurant, every worship service have some immunity.
So mathematically, you just cannot have the same type of super spreading events we saw in the past. And to put things in perspective, we have about 50,000 daily COVID cases a day. We have 400,000 flu cases a day during a mild flu season. That was the flu season about six years ago. That's why we're doing well as a country. That's why all the numbers are down.
That's why San Francisco had 25 COVID cases yesterday, most asymptomatic. That's why Arizona had zero deaths yesterday, another state to hit zero. That's why Michigan where they had the big outbreak is down 30 percent.
CARLSON: Hearing you explain that, and you're a voice of authority on this question on the science makes the policies even more confusing, but I'm glad that you did that. Dr. Marty Makary, it's great to see you tonight. Appreciate it.
MAKARY: Thanks, Tucker.
CARLSON: There's a huge political component to all of this and to assess it, who better than our senior political analyst here at FOX, the Great Brit Hume. Brit, thanks so much for coming on.
BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: How are you doing, Tucker?
CARLSON: So if you can't answer very basic questions about a policy on which most Americans including me, I've had a million vaccines in my life as we all have. I think vaccines are great. But if you can't answer even the most basic questions, can you really force the policy on the population?
HUME: Well, the issue now, Tucker, is that we need to get everybody vaccinated so we'll have herd immunity and basically, the pandemic will be over. And you've got a certain segment of the population that are hesitant to get the shot. I don't see how it advances the cause very well, when you have Joe Biden fully vaccinated walking around outdoors with a mask on. I don't see how it makes any sense for Joe Biden, as you showed him earlier, on a Zoom call wearing a mask with nobody anywhere near him.
CARLSON: Wouldn't you think you'd be -- I mean, do you think that Putin could have infected him through the fiber lines?
HUME: What worries me is when you say something like that, the next thing you know, and the C.D.C. will come out and warn against it.
CARLSON: This is just making me nervous.
HUME: The C.D.C. has been all over the place on vaccines. So is our government. Remember back early, way early on, when the disease was first breaking out here, what did Dr. Fauci say? He said, if you wore a mask, it might keep a few droplets from getting out. But it's not going to give you the protection you think it is.
Now, the masks that we see and wear are not exactly, you know, something new. Doctors have been wearing masks in operating rooms and nurses and people -- medical people have been wearing them for the longest time. We know that -- we presumably know a lot about them, and what we know, informed by what he said originally, now somehow, in the midst of this, it's become an absolutely essential protection.
I think a lot of people doubt that. But now, we have a situation which you see people wearing masks who are fully vaccinated. What does that say about how useful it is to get vaccinated? I mean, either the vaccines work, and we're told they do, or they don't.
CARLSON: Right.
HUME: And if they do work, then what's the need for the mask? I'm talking about outdoors, of course, but indoors as well.
CARLSON: Of course, it doesn't make any sense.
HUME: It makes absolutely no sense. And people looking at this are going to say, well, don't I even -- the government isn't making sense about this. The messaging is inconsistent. I don't know what to do, but I don't want some chemical, a relatively new chemical stuck in my arm.
Now, look, I'm fully vaccinated. I urge everybody to do that. I think it's a mistake not to get one. But I can certainly understand why people would be hesitant given the way the government has been all over the place on this issue.
CARLSON: They're making people afraid and cynical.
HUME: I think so.
CARLSON: It seems, Brit, last question, have you heard anybody answer the question that you just posed, we've been posing, if the vaccine works, and we all believe it does, why wear a mask?
HUME: Well, what they'll tell you is, well, even if you're fully vaccinated, you can still contract COVID. You may not be sick, you may be asymptomatic, but you may be carrying it. And in the course of doing that, you may give it to somebody who is not vaccinated and that person can get sick and maybe die.
Remember this, Tucker, all of this from the beginning and what we've all known this all along, it way disproportionately affects the elderly, for those of us with certain other ailments, right? We've done a terrible job of protecting them. Terrible job. New York being the most conspicuous example.
Meanwhile, we quarantine the healthy, of course, which is a previously unheard of medical practice.
CARLSON: Making your children play soccer in a mask, which is grotesque.
HUME: Crazy.
CARLSON: It's abuse. And we should treat it that way. Brit Hume, it's great to see you.
HUME: You bet.
CARLSON: Thank you. Well, there's new evidence that Big Tech has coordinated with elected officials to censor opinions that they don't like. That is Orwellian. It's the definition and we have details, just ahead.
CARLSON: So there was a lot going on out of public view during the last election, a lot. Here's the latest example.
The group, Judicial Watch has just obtained hundreds of documents from the Secretary of State of California, our biggest state. Those documents revealed that state officials pressured the social media companies, the big ones, Google Twitter, Facebook, to censor social media posts they didn't like and that wouldn't help them about the 2020 election. Here's one example.
A state agency successfully pressured YouTube owned by Google to block a video about mail-in voting. They didn't think it would help the Democratic Party, so the video was blocked.
Some of the state's documents were compiled by the firm SKDK. Its top client? Joe Biden.
Saagar Enjeti is the host of "Rising." We're happy to have him on tonight. Saagar, thanks so much for coming. I don't think you could be a fervent Biden voter and still think that maybe this looks like the end of democracy, or am I overstating it?
SAAGAR ENJETI, HOST, "RISING": No, you're not, Tucker. The most basic American principle is to distrust the government. YouTube, Google, Twitter, many of these Silicon Valley companies were built on the bedrock principle of free speech.
But this is a censorship regime, which you would much more see in China. I mean, let's really think about it. The Chinese Communist Party runs the Chinese government, which creates the censors, which are then dispersed to the Chinese tech companies who decide that Oceana has always been at war with East Asia -- or Eurasia, I believe, and that is something that they have come to live with there in China.
This is something a one party state like California, in particular, where the intertwinement of party with the government, with the large tech companies who are then listening and complying with some of these regulations.
Let's think about it. Your previous guest, Brit Hume, he brought this up, which is that Dr. Fauci back in February was saying that masks don't work. So does that mean that YouTube back in February where I do host a show as well, should have been taking down videos in which I and some other people were expressing skepticism around this that would technically be in violation of government practice, and now, they're doing the opposite.
This just goes to show how dystopian this can get very quickly.
CARLSON: Well, sure. I mean, Google apparently is suppressing photographs of the Governor of Virginia in blackface, which tells you a lot. So if you have the most powerful companies in the world working stealthily, secretly to help a specific political party, then where does that leave everyone else?
ENJETI: Yes, well, where are you going to go? Are you going to create your own Google? I mean, they already have what -- 90 something percent of search traffic. I think the most bedrock principle is this, which is that when you begin to see intertwinement of a political party, of state enforcement, and then along with the so-called private companies, you live in an oligarchy and you live eventually in a dictatorship.
And the only way that they can have dissent is that they have to crush it. We have two options. We're America. Liberty is in our blood. Liberty is largely what we should strive for.
And the other option is a police state. And unfortunately, that's what we are beginning to see.
CARLSON: As you're talking, I'm thinking to myself, I hope a lot of people are hearing him as he speaks. Saagar Enjeti, I hope your audience gets bigger and bigger. Thanks for coming on tonight.
ENJETI: Thank you, Tucker.
CARLSON: So if you're paying any attention at all, not just to Joe Biden masking up for a Zoom call, you may have noticed that we seem to be moving closer towards some kind of conflict with nuclear armed Russia. Are we?
And if we are, who is pushing this and why? Glenn Greenwald joins us after the break.
By the way, a new episode of "Tucker Carlson Today" is out on foxnation.com tomorrow afternoon, Heather Mac Donald with the Manhattan Institute is here for the hour, as Larry King used to say. It's on FOX Nation.

CARLSON: There are reports tonight that a number of American citizens including Americans who were at the Trump rally in January, the perfectly legal Trump rally in Washington in January have been placed by this administration on the No-Fly List, meaning they cannot fly domestically.
We have not been able to confirm that. But if it's true, this is a turning point in American history. These are people again, who have not been charged with crimes. If they have been prevented from traveling within their own country by the administration because the administration doesn't like their political views, that is not democracy, it is dictatorship.
We've got to find out who is on the No-Fly List, which American citizens are on the No-Fly List and why, and we should find out immediately.
By the way, if they turn out to be members of Black Lives Matter, the Black Lives Matter leaders turn out to be on that list, we will be completely against that, too.
Well, speaking of news, we haven't been paying enough attention to, the United States and Russia appear to be heading towards some kind of conflict. The White House has called Russia a national emergency. Are we moving toward conflict and why exactly?
Glenn Greenwald is unusually clear eyed on this subject. He is, of course, a journalist. He works on "Substack" and you ought to read him there. Glenn Greenwald, thanks for coming on tonight. So simple question, do we appear to be moving toward some kind of conflict with Russia? And if so why?
GLENN GREENWALD, JOURNALIST: The relationship between the U.S. and Russia is clearly at its low point since anytime, at least since the Cold War. There's little doubt about that. You ask any analyst and they'll tell you that.
And the reason I think is twofold. One is that during Russiagate and this whole hysteria that surrounded it, there was this propaganda campaign to convince a huge part of the population, namely, liberals and Democrats that Russia pose this existential threat to the United States. And they believe it to the point where they think that everything we can do against Russia, we ought to do and if you even stand up and question it, as we're doing now, it probably means that you're some kind of spy for the Kremlin, which is I'm sure what people are going to be saying about this segment.
But the other part of it is, the war on terror is winding down. We're not in Iraq anymore. We're coming out of Afghanistan. And so the question is, how do you keep weapons manufacturers who exert huge amounts of influence and power in Washington with the business where the government keeps using taxpayer money to buy weapons that don't do any good for anyone?
Remember, the person who Biden tapped to run The Pentagon, Lloyd Austin literally came right from the Board of Directors of Raytheon. And the answer always can be Russia. If you scare enough people to believe that Russia poses a threat to their way of life, they'll agree to keep giving more and more money to the military budget in the name of deterring or stopping them.
CARLSON: So why isn't -- since Russia is a nuclear armed power and part of it, a very powerful axis internationally, why isn't there more discussion about the degradation of our relations with Russia that we're moving toward something bad. Why are we talking about this?
GREENWALD: Well, it's interesting, you know, this is one of those times where it's useful to go back a little bit in history before 2017. We're often told, history doesn't begin until 2017. But there was a huge bipartisanship pressure campaign on President Obama to send lethal arms to Ukraine and all you have to do is look at a map or history of how Russia was almost twice destroyed in the 20th Century to see the crucial importance of Ukraine to Russia.
But Obama's point was correct which was, it has no crucial importance to us, so why would we want to risk confrontation with a nuclear armed power over Ukraine? And I think the reason why people don't question it is because they're afraid that if you stand up and say, it's not worth U.S. lives, U.S. treasure, or any kind of U.S. interest to protect Ukraine from Moscow, you get accused of being an apologist for the Kremlin or someone serving Russian interests, and that's become a very powerful political weapon that shapes our discourse and is affecting all aspects of our policy.
CARLSON: Name calling is a form of social control and a very effective one, as you just pointed out. Glenn Greenwald, who is totally resistant to that, I appreciate your coming on. Thank you.
GREENWALD: Thanks, Tucker.
CARLSON: So you've seen something called equity emerge in school districts in every state in the country. What is equity? Well, in effect, it makes racism compulsory.
Parents in one school district are revolting against it. Thank God. Dana Loesch lives in that school district. She joins us next to explain what is happening there.

CARLSON: Everyone always talks about how bad Marxism is, how it makes everyone poor. What we forget is it makes a small number of people really rich and that's why they're in favor of it.
Patrisse Cullors is a Marxist. She's a co-founder of BLM and she has taken her newfound riches while shaking down corporations and bought big houses, a number of them. But that's not all she is buying. We're learning a lot more about her spending habits. Trace Gallagher has that story for us. Hey, Trace.
TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Tucker. Patrisse Cullors also founded a group called Reform LA Jails which last year successfully led a ballot measure to reduce the jail populations in Los Angeles County. It turns out, in 2019, that jail reform group had quite the gathering at a Malibu Beach Resort called Calamigos Guest Ranch.
The group spent more than $10,000.00 at the resort itself and 15 plus thousand on a conference center owned by the resort. We don't know why they gathered for this oceanfront meeting because the Daily Caller News Foundation which broke the story can't find public records of the meeting.
But critics say if everything is on the up and up, why did the jail reform group book the Beach Club through a consulting firm that just happens to be owned by Asha Bandele, the woman who co-authored Patrisse Cullors's 2018 biography.
Asha Bandele also raked in nearly $260,000.00 in consulting fees from, you guessed it, Reform LA Jails. It's unclear if the California Commission that regulates political groups plans to look into this, but a conservative watchdog group already raising red flags -- Tucker.
CARLSON: Trace Gallagher, thanks so much.
GALLAGHER: Sure.
CARLSON: For that report, which is hilarious. Again, Marxism is very good for the few.
Well, until recently, the Carroll Independent School District of South Lake Texas was one of the highest performing school districts in the State of Texas. But beginning in 2018, the school district implemented something called a cultural competence plan. Maybe you've heard about that at your kid's school.
As a result of that plan, the district told faculty that quote: "Black and brown students need more attention," because they quote, "Have to work extra hard and do like double the work just to succeed."
Now, they didn't prove that was true. They just said it. They went on to say that quote, "Most white people don't notice racism," unless it involves quote, "burning crosses and swastikas." They said a lot of other things, too, none of which will help educate their kids, only hurt them.
Finally, parents in that school district are revolting. They're doing what parents around the country are not doing.
Dana Loesch lives in that district. She has seen it. She's a nationally syndicated radio host with Radio America. We're happy to have her on tonight. Dana, thanks so much for coming on. So tell us -- I mean, we're seeing this everywhere. It's come to your town. Tell us what parents are doing about it.
DANA LOESCH, RADIO HOST: Yes, and Tucker, thank you so much for covering this issue and I hope that all parents everywhere realize that all it takes for them, Tucker, as you know, just to show up in numbers. And I understand that parents and educators are afraid to speak out singularly. But when you band together as families, a diverse group of families, I might add and my town have, I mean, you can actually get a lot of traction.
So you're talking about the cultural competency plan in my school district, Carroll ISD. And this is a plan that they've been trying to implement. They so far have not yet.
I mean, Tucker, I have like pages and pages of stuff here. It's gotten so nasty that progressive activists have taken to naming private citizens and sending out mailers like this in order to smear them.
Now, case in point with this cultural competency plan. Tucker, this all starts with one basic rule that starts with the solution ultimately, is that the Student Code of Conduct should be enforced.
Now, all of this began a couple of years ago because you had teenagers on TikTok and parents, that's a whole other discussion to let your kids loose on social media. Don't do that. Kids on TikTok did something stupid and they said something that would I think violate their Christian character and I think is immoral.
I mean, Tucker, I know that you feel the same way. I look at racism and bigotry as a moral failing. At the same time, I also agree with Voddie Baucham, who says you can't keep sending your kids to Caesar and be shocked when they come home as Romans.
So this cultural competency plan, I want to point out that this is the -- this is actually the district's draft of this plan. And Tucker, they say that an academic review of student subgroup test performance reveals no statistically significant achievement gaps amongst the district's ethnic populations.
This didn't begin out of academic curiosity. This began because some teenagers said something bad which they asked forgiveness for on TikTok, and apparently we used someone's worse moments in life to completely sleight their entire life and the school and a lot of very far left Marxist activists decided to exploit this as a way to implement critical race theory education in the school district and they expect, Tucker, parents to pay for it. We're talking six figures, a lot of money for this and southlakefamilies.org is how they're pushing back.
CARLSON: Amen. This is happening everywhere. They will come in and they will wreck your school, they will hurt your children, they will take your money. They will bully you. And no one does anything and I'm just so grateful to hear of parents who are doing something.
Dana, thanks so much for coming on tonight and telling us that story.
LOESCH: Thank you, Tucker.
CARLSON: So up in Congress, the congressional press galleries control access to lawmakers. They just taken a major step to ban outlets they don't like, including outlets that criticize China too much or seem not liberal enough. One of those outlets joins us after the break to tell us what's happening.

CARLSON: "The Epoch Times" is a genuinely interesting media outlet, one of the very few that still exists. "The Epoch Times" says its congressional press credentials have been revoked by the Congress, by the House of Representatives Press Gallery. "The Epoch Times" criticizes the Chinese government a lot.
Meanwhile, Chinese state media still has credentials in the Congress. Josh Philipp is the host of "Crossroads" with Josh Philipp. He is with "The Epoch Times," we're happy to have him on tonight. Josh, thanks so much for coming on. Am I mischaracterizing this? Why would they pull your press credentials?
JOSH PHILIPP, "THE EPOCH TIMES": Well, Tucker, they didn't really tell us anything in writing yet, and so we're still trying to find information on it. But you know, as you mentioned, there's a lot of hypocrisy here because while they're banning "The Epoch Times" they are letting in literal state run Chinese news outlets, "Shinwa," "People's Daily," and these news outlets are state run by the Chinese Communist Party propaganda outlets allowed into our, you know, Halls of Congress, while "The Epoch Times" is not.
CARLSON: So, what's your offense? Is it is it just being too tough on the Chinese government? Is that no longer allowed in the Congress?
PHILIPP: It seems that's a trend these days, and it does seem to be a trend as well that a lot of these news organizations are trying to cozy up with China a lot more. There have been stories, for example, about journalist taking paid trips, with, for example, groups tied to the Chinese Communist Party's United Front, groups tied with, say business interests in China.
And while this is happening, yes, you have state run Chinese media being allowed to cover the White House, being allowed to cover Senate hearings, while "The Epoch Times" is not.
And yes, "The Epoch Times" is one of the harshest critics against the Chinese Communist Party, we actually broke the story on China's live organ harvesting of political dissidents and religious believers, including Falun Gong practitioners, house Christians, Muslim leaders and others. We broke the SARS stories, a lot of the early ones on this and so we've been a thorn in the side of the Chinese Communist Party for a long time.
CARLSON: A lot of your reporting has turned out to be accurate and fascinating. I wonder, are there any Members of Congress who are against this? Maybe they can come to your aid.
In 10 seconds or less, can you name any who might help you with this?
PHILIPP: We've luckily had 17 different Congress members step forward to defend us and hopefully we'll get back in soon. We'll have to see.
CARLSON: And maybe a couple hundred more could step up in like the next 20 minutes.
Josh Philipp, great to see you tonight. Thank you and Godspeed. Tell us what happens. I hope you will.
PHILIPP: Real pleasure. Thanks, Tucker.
CARLSON: Thank you. Just a reminder, a new episode of "Tucker Carlson Today" comes out on FOX Nation tomorrow afternoon, 4:00 p.m. Eastern with Heather Mac Donald.
We'll be back every night at 8:00 p.m., the show that is the sworn and cheerful enemy of lying, pomposity, smugness and groupthink Have a great night with the ones you love.
Speaking of the ones you love, you love Sean Hannity. Here he is right now.

CARLSON: Good evening and welcome to a Special Edition of TUCKER CARLSON TONIGHT.

It was a year ago this week that Nancy Pelosi was walking the streets of San Francisco's Chinatown without any concern whatsoever for her personal safety.

Nancy Pelosi's face was stark naked. She wasn't wearing a mask, neither were the dozens of people who surrounded her.

A local CBS affiliate was on the scene following all of it, but even the coronavirus was already spreading all over the world in places like France and South Korea and we now know here in the U.S., CBS didn't suggest that anything was amiss. They didn't report that Nancy Pelosi was a walking biohazard or a super spreader.

And why would they think that? Just days earlier, Tony Fauci had gone on television and promised Americans that the risk of coronavirus infection in this country was quote, "miniscule."

So, if Tony Fauci's word meant anything and at the time, people thought that it did, Nancy Pelosi's walk around Chinatown wasn't alarming, it was heroic.

As when CBS News reporter put it, Nancy Pelosi was a walking one woman tourist attraction on a mission to defeat a pathogen far more insidious than the coronavirus. Nancy Pelosi was in Chinatown to defeat racism against Asian-Americans.

Pelosi herself was explicit on that point, quote, "We want to say to people come to Chinatown. Here we are. We're careful. We're safe. Come join us."

In other words, if you're worried about catching the virus by gathering in a big crowd in Chinatown, that means you're a white supremacist.

So, one year after that remarkable day, what have we learned? Well, for one thing, we know that despite her very best efforts, Nancy Pelosi did not succeed in extinguishing anti-racism -- racism against Asians in San Francisco. In fact, a year later violence against Asian-Americans in San Francisco is at the highest rate ever.

So, if you're a reasonable person, you might call for an investigation into this: what's causing these attacks? How can we stop them?

But if you tune in to CNN or MSNBC, you already know why they're happening. Donald Trump. Yes, the great orange menace may not be in the White House anymore, he may not have gotten any votes at all in San Francisco, but don't be fooled. Donald Trump is the reason this is happening.

And that sends a larger message to the rest of us from our political class and their servants in the media. Never blame the people in charge.

That's a familiar refrain. We've heard it a lot over the last 12 months, and for the most part, it has worked. Propaganda usually does, and that's why we're going to spend the next hour highlighting the politicians and the bureaucrats who have not been held accountable for what they did to this country during the pandemic.

They've ruined lives. They've destroyed businesses. They caused people to die.

But if you confront them on any of these questions, they will tell you reflexively, it's someone else's fault.

No single politician has used this tactic more often or more shamelessly, as the Governor of New York State, Andrew Cuomo. Cuomo accepted an Emmy award last year for performances like these when the pandemic was beginning last spring.



GOV. ANDREW CUOMO (D-NY): ... strategy, plan of action all along. Step one, flatten the curve.

In other words, we're all talking about this curve, flatten the curve.

We're trying to flatten the curve.

And we have to flatten the curve.

We've reduced the rate, we so-called, flattened the curve. Flatten the curve.



CARLSON: Flatten the curve, flatten the curve. We did it. We flattened the curve.

Boy, that's a great slogan. What does it mean exactly? What is flattening the curve? Well, not many people bothered to ask that question.

For New Yorkers last year, flatten the curve became the new version of 15 days to slow the spread. Just a series of words arranged in order so politicians can repeat them over and over to convey the impression they were in charge and doing something to fix the problem.

In reality, Andrew Cuomo spent most of his time sitting for interviews with his brother over on CNN, and having staffers write a book under his name. That book was called "American Crisis: Leadership Lessons from the COVID-19 Pandemic."

Well, we took a look at some of the top customer reviews for the book, people actually read it. Here's the top review right now, quote: "A heartfelt and caring look at how it feels to murder people through bureaucratic ineptitude."

Here's the next review,at the moment, quote: "Governor Cuomo's self-serving book raises embarrassing questions. Politicians being human make mistakes, Andrew Cuomo, as scientists agree, made a serious error that led to thousands of unnecessary tragic deaths in nursing homes. Shouldn't a politician like Cuomo have a moral obligation to admit his error, even as in this case, it is likely to lead him losing his position, his chance to be President of the United States and lawsuits?"

Well, that's a good question. Doesn't he have a moral obligation to do that? As that reviewer noted, in March of last year, Andrew Cuomo ordered nursing homes in the state to admit patients who had tested positive for the coronavirus.

Then Cuomo's administration hid the total number of nursing home deaths that resulted from that order.

We're not speculating about that, one of his staffers admitted they did it. But Andrew Cuomo himself still has not acknowledged that he did this or any wrongdoing whatsoever, and said last week, he blamed the people who work in nursing homes.



CUOMO: COVID did not get into the nursing homes by people coming from hospitals. COVID got into the nursing homes by staff walking into the nursing home.



CARLSON: So case closed. I am not responsible for the 11,000 nursing home deaths in New York or the coordinated effort to cover up those deaths. You know who is responsible? The nurses, the receptionist making 35 grand a year, they must suffer. Their lives must be ruined so that Andrew Cuomo can keep his job and his Emmy Award.

But we don't mean to single out Andrew Cuomo. He is not the only incompetent politician who needs to save face and will lie and hurt others in order to do it.

Our public health experts are scrambling to avoid humiliation too, and there's a lot of it waiting for them. And if that means isolating the most vulnerable members of our society even more than they've already been isolated, then that's the cost. It's collateral damage. It's a price they're willing to pay because they don't pay it.

This is a real article published by NBC News earlier this month. It lays out word for word. We're reading from it verbatim. Quote, "After grandparents or older parents received the coronavirus vaccine, can you visit them? The answer is likely no. But it depends. One expert from Northwestern University said essentially nothing changes after the vaccine." End quote.

Again, nothing changes after the vaccine. It's hard to believe they're saying this and it's not just one so-called expert from Northwestern saying that. Tony Fauci himself is saying it, too, quote: "Until we have the overwhelming majority of people vaccinated and the level of virus is very low," Fauci said this month, " ... you probably shouldn't visit your grandparents without your mask on. It's just too early to be doing something that reckless." human contact with the ones you love most.

Breaking people out of their prisons of solitude, don't dare, even after the vaccine.

Tony Fauci wants to take it slow. On the other hand, Fauci is still capable of acting very, very quickly, as long as the right interests are involved, as long as he is profiting from it or his allies are. We'll give you one of many examples.

Tony Fauci has already decided without any hesitation whatsoever, that the World Health Organization deserves billions of your money right away, U.S. tax dollars.

Now, the World Health Organization is the group that could have warned the rest of the world about the pandemic, could have saved lives, but chose instead to repeat Chinese propaganda instead.

Your grandmother can wait, according to Tony Fauci, but bureaucrats at W.H.O.'s headquarters in Switzerland need the cash and they need it now.



DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, DIRECTOR, NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND INFECTIOUS DISEASES: I join my fellow representatives in thanking the World Health Organization for its role in leading the global public health response to this pandemic.

And as such, I am honored to announce that the United States will remain a member of the World Health Organization.



CARLSON: What a malignant buffoon. History will indeed his behavior.

So you're still waiting for your stimulus check, the W.H.O. is not waiting for their money, they're getting it. But it's not just W.H.O.

According to "The Daily Caller," the lab in Wuhan where this pandemic likely started, the Wuhan Institute of Virology will continue to receive American taxpayer funding for the next several years. It's hard to believe that's real. It is. Tony Fauci himself has supported research at that lab.

It's enough to blow your mind. Again, the people responsible for this pandemic aren't facing consequences. Instead, they are getting U.S. tax dollars. The consequences fall where they always do: on the American middle class.

So if you unleash a deadly virus on the world or cause thousands of deaths in nursing homes or fail to warn the world in order to appease your masters in China, you get millions.

But if you're just a waitress in Brooklyn dealing with the fallout of all of this and you step out of line for a moment, you're done.



UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (voice over): The 34-year-old says she was fired after telling her employer she and her husband are considering starting a family and she had hesitations about getting the COVID-19 vaccine.

QUESTION: Do you think it's fair for a workplace to be able to determine whether or not its employees should be vaccinated?

BONNIE JACOBSON, WAITRESS FIRED BY EMPLOYER FOR REFUSING COVID-19 VACCINE: I don't. I don't. You know, especially in a situation like mine, I asked for a little more time. That's a very legitimate reason.



CARLSON: Yes, this is someone who doesn't oppose the vaccines, who is thankful for vaccines, like most Americans, but who simply has questions. That's the person who is suffering.

Is that fair? No. But it's happening everywhere.

The people in charge of this country, your politicians, your bosses, the public health experts, especially Bill Gates, all of a sudden they have more power than they've ever had, including over your personal life, certainly over the lives of your children.

They can't go outside or attend class in many states right now. But don't worry, it's for their own good. Randi Weingarten is the President of the American Federation of Teachers. That's the second largest teachers union in the country. She's not a doctor. She's not a scientist. She's a lawyer.

But according to Randi Weingarten, medically speaking, your kids shouldn't be anywhere near a school.



DAN PRIMACK, BUSINESS EDITOR, AXIOS: Is there a point in which kids have been out of physical in-person school for so long that the education that they've lost isn't really recoverable? The third grade, the fourth grade, the kindergarten they lost, they can take extra semesters in the summer, they can do -- but it can't really be fixed?

RANDI WEINGARTEN, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN FEDERATION OF TEACHERS: No. I don't believe that. I believe that kids are resilient and kids will recover.



CARLSON: Really? Randi Weingarten, how many kids do you have? Kids are resilient. They'll recover. Yet another promise we've heard during this pandemic. Get the vaccine, your life will return to normal. That wasn't true.

Why should we believe any of this is true? And who's going to be held responsible for these lies?

We're going to spend the next hour investigating all of that. You're going to hear from people who've been hurt along the way.

But we want to start tonight by talking with Charlie Hurt of "The Washington Times." Charlie, great to see you.

CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Great to see you, Tucker.

CARLSON: So that kind of is the question. I mean, I don't think any decent person seeks vengeance for its own sake, but I do think it's important in order to illustrate what's right and what's wrong, and that, you know, malicious bad decisions have consequences that the people who made those decisions are somehow held accountable for them. When will that happen?

HURT: I don't know. But, you know, right now, you look across you see a sea of incompetence and failure by the government. And I challenge you to find me one single thing, one single decision our government has made, or people in power have made that has done anything other than amass more power and more money for themselves, take power and money from us, and give it to them.

And you could -- they could counter and say, well, what about the stimulus checks? We gave you $600.00. First of all, that $600.00 was mine to begin with. So I'm not really all that grateful for it.

But that $600.00 pales in comparison to the billions and billions of dollars, trillions of dollars that they want to -- in debt -- that they want to put on us to pay themselves. And what do they do with that money? They build a huge wall around the Capitol to protect themselves from us. They want to give billions to the W.H.O., which as you point out, is a failure and is in bed with China.

And they want to give -- and this one is one that really sticks out to me. They want to give $129 billion to government schools, which have failed to figure out how to open safely.

Why don't they give that money back to the parents who have had to act like teachers, have had to play that role for the past year? Why don't they give that money to Christian schools -- Catholic schools around the country that opened up two weeks after this whole thing started and have never shut down and they have done it successfully and they've done it safely.

And nobody -- and people have not gotten -- and the pandemic has not struck down millions of these people. It's been -- it has been a -- they have succeeded where the government has failed.

And when you look at the only bright spot in all of this, the only bright spot is perhaps the vaccines, and how did we get the vaccines? We got the vaccine because the government has stepped out of the way and gave private enterprise the room, the leeway, the lack of red tape to sort of do all this stuff.

But yet, the only solution to these people is to amass more power and more money for themselves and to take it away from us.

CARLSON: See, it's such a smart analysis. It's absolutely correct. Provably so, this is a power grab. I wish we'd all known it earlier.

Charlie Hurt, I appreciate your analysis. Thank you.

HURT: Thank you, Tucker.

CARLSON: So the theme the thread that runs through all of this is the people in power when corona began are more powerful, everyone else is much less. The burden is falling on them.

We mentioned a waitress in New York City who was fired for declining to take the corona vaccine, we will speak to her straight ahead.



CARLSON: Until recently, Bonnie Jacobson worked in a restaurant in New York City. She's hardly an anti-vaxxer whatever that is. She's for vaccines. She thinks they save lives.

But Bonnie Jacobson wanted to hold off for a moment in taking this vaccine. She wanted to know more about it. She was concerned it might affect her fertility.

And for making that decision over her own body, Bonnie Jacobson was fired from her job at the Red Hook Tavern in Brooklyn. An amazing story.

Bonnie Jacobson joins us now with her attorney David Cassidy. Thanks both for coming on. Bonnie, I appreciate, first to you, you're coming on. The reason why I talk to you is seem so reasonable in the clip that I saw of you.

You said, I'm not against vaccines, but I just got married. I might like to have children. I have questions.

When you said that, I assume you said that to your bosses at the Red Hook Tavern. What did they say?

JACOBSON: Yes, well, hi. And thank you for having me on and allowing me to tell my story, because I think it's an important one.

So yes, originally, they had said that the vaccine was not going to be mandatory, and I got an e-mail all of a sudden changing course telling me that it was now going to be mandatory. And even when I got that e-mail, I figured it was still open to a conversation.

So you know, I e-mailed back just expressing my concerns over fertility. You know, even in that e-mail, I said that I understand the vaccine is important, I know why it's important. Once there's more research, I would be open to changing my stance on it. And I would also be happy to speak to them more about it in person.

Also, I think it's very important to mention I gave an alternative option. I said, I would continue to get tested regularly, I would continue to wear my mask. You know, practice all the C.D.C. safety guidelines, in the meantime, thinking that we could just continue a conversation and instead, on Monday, I got an e-mail back from them, saying that my employment at this time was terminated while they respect my choices.

CARLSON: David Cassidy, as her attorney, I'm just wondering the obvious question. Is it legal to force people to take about any vaccine, but particularly this vaccine?

DAVID CASSIDY, ATTORNEY: Well, Tucker, thank you for having us. I want to make clear that this is not a political agenda here by our client, that this is a personal choice.

CARLSON: Right. It doesn't sound like it.

CASSIDY: But legally speaking, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has said that mandatory vaccine policies can be legal subject to a few exemptions, such as someone having a medical disability or a religious objection.

We feel that this particular termination of employment was unlawful because our client invoked issues of pregnancy and fertility, which are also protected areas under the law.

This firing was neither fair. It wasn't necessary. It was unlawful, quite frankly. Our client asked for a little bit of time to get some data, to see a medical doctor, to understand the risks and they did not allow her that time.

It wasn't necessary, this termination, because as you have pointed out, it doesn't change anything. The only person being protected by a vaccine, according to the C.D.C. and the public health officials is the person receiving it.

So our client was willing to employ the necessary protocols to remain working.

CARLSON: Amazing. I hope you both take this as far through the system as you can. I think a lot of people -- and it's not political, you're right -- are rooting for you, because clearly you're within your rights. I appreciate you coming on. Thank you.

JACOBSON: Absolutely. Thank you so much.

CASSIDY: Thank you, Tucker.

CARLSON: You'll notice you've got total freedom of choice when it comes to ending a pregnancy, but if you have concerns about starting one about fertility. No. Interesting.

Well, Patsy's Italian Restaurant was one of the most iconic restaurants in New York, but since coronavirus, New York's leaders have done everything they can to destroy it and businesses like it. And sadly, they're succeeding.

Patsy's Italian is now leaving New York and moving to New Jersey. Sal Scognamillo is the owner of Patsy's. He joins us tonight to explain what happened.

Sal, I appreciate your coming on. What a sad story. You've been in New York, I think -- how long has your restaurant been in New York actually?

SAL SCOGNAMILLO, OWNER, PATSY'S ITALIAN RESTAURANT: Seventy seven years and just to be clear, we're not -- we're not going to be leaving permanently. I plan on coming back and reopening when the city gets a plan for us right now. And we're doing a pop up restaurant in Asbury Park, New Jersey. And that's for February, March and April right now. It's been going very well.

And I love New York and I'm rooting for New York. New York is the epicenter of education, finance, the arts, so many different things.

And you know, we need a plan for New York to come back. You know, my wife likes to use the word opportunity. So we had the opportunity to go to Asbury Park, New Jersey, and the way that came about was, I have a friend of mine who lives in a town very close by, Spring Lake, New Jersey. His name is John Fudge, and I called him up and I said what do you know about Asbury Park? A few people have been saying to me, it's a wonderful place. It's only 60 miles from New York City.

And my friend, John Fudge, happened to be a child of that era. He his father had a store in Asbury Park, and he knew it very well. And in two and a half months, it's quite miraculous, we were able to put together a deal with the Manzo family. They're from the Real Housewives of New Jersey.

They're doing the food and beverage at the Berkeley Hotel in Asbury Park, and a few words, one led to the other and the patriarch Al Manzo has been coming to my restaurant for 30 to 40 years and he said, I'd love to have you down here.

And we opened just a few weeks ago, and I have to tell you, the response has been overwhelmingly positive. Everyone wants us to stay there. They think it's a great thing. And we've been very, very busy.

I always try and look for solutions, and the solution for New York is we have to get opportunity back to New York. They need to get incentives for people to come back.

CARLSON: Well, of course.

SCOGNAMILLO: To travel, to come and stay at the hotels.

CARLSON: I mean, if Patsy's leaves -- sorry, wrap it up for me. Your issue is?

SCOGNAMILLO: Well, my issue is that you know, you have the 1.4 percent is the spread in, you know, in the same -- in the restaurants and bars. And you have 74 percent living room spread.

Now, you have Manhattan, which has consistently been one of the lowest rates of infection in the entire State of New York, and it's closed. And then you have upstate New York and Nassau and Suffolk County, and it's a much higher rate of infection, and it's open.

So I mean, what is it? You're not going to get the virus when you're in in Long Island or upstate New York, but you won't get it when you're in New York City? It just didn't make sense to me. Fifty percent of the space is - -

CARLSON: Well, it never makes sense. It never made sense. Well, Sal, I appreciate coming on tonight. And I appreciate your restaurant. I've gained a lot of weight there. Thank you.

SCOGNAMILLO: Well, we will be back. Don't give up on New York yet.

CARLSON: Good. Okay. Thank you.

Well, a lot of so-called public health experts including Dr. Fauci are now recommending you wear multiple masks, two, even three. Is that good for you? Honestly? To reduce oxygen flow? We're going to take a sober look at that question after the break.



KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Live from "America's News Headquarters," I'm Kevin Corke.

The U.S. House of Representatives expecting to burn the midnight oil, quite frankly, debating President Biden's $1.9 trillion COVID-19 Relief Bill. A final vote could come early Saturday morning.

That relief package aimed at stabilizing the economy and boosting coronavirus vaccinations and testing. Republicans say the bill is simply too expensive, but Democrats say they are confident they can pass the bill.

House passage would send that legislation over to the Senate where a bigger fight awaits.

Johnson & Johnson's single shot vaccine is one step closer to emergency approval, a panel of health experts endorsing the vaccine today. The F.D.A. says it will quickly follow the recommendations and authorize the J&J vaccine for emergency use if authorized. A few million doses could be shipped out as early as Monday.

I'm Kevin Corke in Washington. Now back to TUCKER CARLSON TONIGHT.

CARLSON: Well, no public health official has done more to undermine faith in the coronavirus vaccine than Tony Fauci has. Instead of telling Americans that life can go back to normal once they're vaccinated, which was the whole point, Fauci is saying the opposite.

Earlier this month, Fauci suggested you might want to wear two or three face masks, even after you've gotten the shot.



FAUCI: But you wear a mask, then you want it to fit better. So one of the ways you could do it, if you would like to, is put a cloth mask over, we can actually hear and here and here where you could get leakage in is much better contained.



CARLSON: That's lunatic and actual scientists have pointed this out. One physician at Rutgers Medical School, David Cennimo, was asked about triple masking and here was his response, quote: "That's so crazy, I don't even know how to address it." End quote.

Alex Berenson is the author of "Unreported Truths about COVID-19 Part 3: Masks." He joins us tonight. Alex Berenson, thanks so much for coming on. Very simple question, which I don't think Google will allow you to ask, but we will. Is it healthy to wear three masks on your face?

ALEX BERENSON, AUTHOR: I mean, Tucker, first of all, I want to very quickly say thank you because the last time I was on with you it was the week the "Power Couple" had been published, and we talked a little bit about how, you know, I couldn't get reviews and sort of being shut out because my nonfiction work, my novel was suffering.

You, you know, you said something about it, and you almost -- I don't want to give you too much credit, but you almost single handedly turned around the publication. We became a bestseller that week on the Publishers Weekly bestseller list. So thank you on that.

Now --

CARLSON: People appreciate your bravery.

BERENSON: I think they listened to you actually. But masks and a little bit vaccines, okay.

We don't need to -- we don't really need to argue about whether three masks might be dangerous. There's no evidence that three masks do any good. There's very, very little evidence that two masks or one mask do any good.

There's one good clinical trial about masks and the coronavirus, it came out in November. It's been very conveniently memory hold by the media since then and what it showed was very clear: masks do not protect the wearer from the coronavirus. Okay.

So in the face of that both before and after that, the C.D.C. and various other places have come up with a bunch of theories about how masks, you know or source control and my mask protects you even if it doesn't protect me although maybe it does protect me and although it doesn't really because there's no evidence that it actually does.

And here's what you -- when you look and you try to graph mask mandates on a sort of national or regional or local level against changes in the coronavirus overtime, against changes in infection rates, you find absolutely no comparison. No way to track any -- that there's any relationship, okay?

So if you look at California versus Florida, that's one that people like to show because California, heavy mask mandates. You know lockdowns, lots of rules.

Florida went exactly the opposite way. The virus essentially behaved exactly the same in both places. Okay, so in the face of all this evidence, what the C.D.C. has done is ridiculous. They've said, oh, well, it may not be one mask, maybe we need two masks, or maybe three masks.

And the pivotal C.D.C. study on this, which came out a few weeks ago was done on mannequins. So if you're a mannequin, maybe two masks will help you, but if you're a human being, there's basically no evidence that this does any good.

CARLSON: Alex Berenson, thank you, again.

BERENSON: Thanks, Tucker.

CARLSON: Appreciate it. Well, according to C.D.C., the life expectancy of American has declined by a full year from 78.8 to 77.7 years old in the first half of 2020. That's the largest drop in life expectancy in this country since we were in World War II. There was a reason for that, people were getting killed.

The C.D.C. found that many of those deaths were not caused by coronavirus. They were classified as, quote, "deaths of despair." They were deaths from overdoses and suicides.

Deaths of despair went up more than 20 percent during the COVID lockdowns. The C.D.C. recorded more fatal overdoses in a single year 81,000 than ever -- ever.

Johann Hari is the author of "Lost Connections." He's thought a lot about despair and how to solve it. He joins us. We're always happy to have him on. Johann, thanks for coming tonight.

JOHANN HARI, AUTHOR, "LOST CONNECTIONS": Hi, Tucker. Thanks for having me.

CARLSON: Were you surprised by this? And I know the answer, you weren't. What can we do about this? This is so sad.

HARI: You're so right that there's this epidemic of despair that has been rising for very long time. And one of the things that's so important to understand is this doesn't have to happen.

For the research for my books, I went to places that had problems as big as this and turned it around, and the United States can do the same thing. I'll give you a specific example.

In the year 2000, Portugal had the worst drug problem in the world. One percent of the population was addicted to heroin, which is mind blowing. And every year, they tried the war on drugs more. They arrested more people. They shamed and imprisoned more people.

And every year, the problem got worse, until finally, they were forced to do something different. They decided -- and it sounds really bold when you first hear it, they decided to decriminalize all drugs, but -- and this was the crucial next step -- they took all the money they used to spend on shaming, punishing and imprisoning people, and instead spent it on very practical ways of turning their lives around, mostly getting them jobs.

Portugal went from having the worst drug problem in Europe, to the least level of overdoses in the entire European Union.

Everywhere in the world that has tried policies based on helping people and helping them reconnect with a normal life sees a big fall in despair, and a big fall in overdose addictions and suicides.

It's not rocket science, right? If you make people's lives worse, they're more likely to be addicted and they are more likely to despair and commit suicide.

And if you give them very practical help in targeted ways for things like work, community, social connection, it massively reduces these problems.

The opposite of addiction is connection. We need to help people to reconnect. That's why the book is called "Lost Connections."

CARLSON: So if you restore meaning and purpose to people's lives, they don't want to kill themselves.

HARI: That's exactly right. I mean, to your grandmother and my grandmother, that would have sounded very obvious, but what we've done is we've told these other stories, which have some truth in them. We've said that, you know, depression is just a problem in people's brains or addiction is just a question of needing a chemical.

And of course, there's some truth in those questions. But there's much more basic truth here. Human beings have needs. You need to be seen by other people, you need to have friends, and you need to have a sense of purpose. You need to have meaningful work.

And if you look at what's happened in the United States and across the Western world, we have stripped people of those things. Forty percent of Americans agree with the statement, "No one knows me well."

After a factory shuts down in a town, the suicide rate and the opioid overdose rate doubles over the next few years. This isn't rocket science. Your grandmother would have understood intuitively why that was the case.

And everywhere in the world I went for my books, I learned one thing. The most effective strategies for dealing with depression and anxiety and addiction are the ones that deal with the reasons why we feel this way in the first place.

These deaths do not have to happen. Of course, there's always going to be some despair. But this enormous epidemic of despair doesn't have to be happening. There are very practical solutions for individuals and for countries.

I've seen them in practice. We need to start choosing them, not policies that make the problem worse like the drug war.

CARLSON: Amen. Johann Hari, great to see you tonight. Thank you.

HARI: Great to talk to you, Tucker.

CARLSON: So you're promised a coronavirus stimulus check. Now, wherever you are on the question of stimulus check, they did promise it to you. You haven't gotten it, but they are spending your money to reward the people who may have caused the coronavirus pandemic in the first place, just in case it couldn't get more insulting. Apparently it can, we've got to tell straight ahead.



CARLSON: Well, since the very beginning of the corona mess, the World Health Organization has functioned like an arm of Chinese state media, which effectively it has become.

In February, for example, the Director of W.H.O. announced that thanks to the Chinese Communist Party, we have nothing to fear from the coronavirus.



DR. TEDROS ADHANOM, DIRECTOR GENERAL, WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION: I was so impressed in my meeting with President Xi at his detailed knowledge of the outbreak.

There is no reason for measures that unnecessarily interfere with international travel and trade.



CARLSON: It's hilarious, but it didn't stop. In March, for example, a reporter with a Hong Kong news station interviewed the Assistant Director General at W.H.O., a doctor called Bruce Aylward. The reporter asked Aylward whether the W.H.O. would recognize Taiwan's independence.

It doesn't seem complicated, it is a health agency. Why do they care? Their job is to help people no matter what country they're at, but the W.H.O. decided not to upset the Chinese Communist Party, to tow the party line. So Bruce Aylward pretended he couldn't hear the question.



QUESTION: Will the W.H.O. reconsider Taiwan's membership? Hello?

BRUCE AYLWARD, ASSISTANT DIRECTOR GENERAL, WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION: I'm sorry, I couldn't hear your question.

QUESTION: Let me -- let me repeat the question.

AYLWARD: That's okay. Let's move to another one, then.

QUESTION: Right. Because I'm actually curious on talking about Taiwan as well on Taiwan's case.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We decided to give Dr. Aylward another call to follow up.

QUESTION: And I just want to see if you can comment a bit on how Taiwan has done so far in terms of containing the virus?

AYLWARD: Well, we've already talked about China. And, you know, when you look across all the different areas of China, they've actually all done quite a good job.

So with that, I'd like to thank you very much for inviting us to participate and, and good luck as you go forward with the battle in Hong Kong.



CARLSON: Oh, that's the greatest tape ever. What a worm. If only we had reporters like that in our country. Why are reporters in Hong Kong willing to ask a question more than once? Interesting.

Stephen Mosher is the author of "Bully of Asia: Why China's Dream is the New Threat to the World Order." He joins us tonight. Mr. Mosher, thanks so much for coming on.

STEPHEN MOSHER, AUTHOR, "BULLY OF ASIA": Hi, Tucker.

CARLSON: So it does seem like the World Health Organization has never really established independence from a chief patron, China.

MOSHER: Oh, absolutely not. I mean, and this is playing politics with people's lives, Tucker. Think about this.

Taiwan saw the danger early from China because all danger in Taiwan, well, most of it anyway, comes from China. So they're always watching across the Taiwan Straits to see what evil lurks on the Mainland.

And they saw the Wuhan virus coming. They closed their borders earlier than any country in the world. They realized there was human to human transmission. They tried to warn the World Health Organization about this danger and they were ignored.

The World Health Organization did not read their e-mails, did not take their phone calls. And so again, this is playing politics with people's lives.

If the World Health Organization had truly been concerned about the health of the world, they would listen to all the information coming in, especially from people sitting on China's very doorstep and watching the pandemic materialize in real time.

CARLSON: So a so-called Health Organization allowing people to die for political reasons. It's hard to think of corruption deeper than that, why would we send them money?

MOSHER: Why indeed? I mean, we're now getting ready to repeat the same mistakes of the past by sending them $200 million -- $200 million for what? For failing to protect the health of the world, which is their mandate, right? They're called the World Health Organization. Maybe they should be called the China Health Organization.

But think about the fact that early on, Dr. Tedros, you just played the clip was going to China and singing the praises of the Chinese Communist Party's leader, Xi Jinping saying what a wonderful job they were doing in coping with the pandemic. They hid human to human transmission from us. They downplayed the danger of the pandemic.

And then, of course, they've just sent in to China this delegation of 12 people who came back and said, well, it wasn't -- it wasn't the lab. It didn't come from the lab, when clearly we know that it probably did. More and more people agree with that.

CARLSON: It certainly seems likely that it did, and anyone who tells you out of hand it didn't, we know, is obviously lying.

Stephen Mosher, great to see you tonight. Thank you.

MOSHER: Good to see you.

CARLSON: So it's a close contest, who's the most incompetent and dangerous governor in the United States? Is it Gretchen Whitmer of Michigan? Is it that Pritzker guy in Illinois? It's probably Andrew Cuomo. He does have competition though. The stories of our leaders' untold incompetence, straight ahead.



CARLSON: Well, we spend an awful lot of time in the show talking about the Governor of New York State, Andrew Cuomo and we have reasons for that. Cuomo was responsible effectively for thousands of deaths in New York and then covering up those deaths by lying.

But it's easy to forget that Andrew Cuomo is not alone. He is not the only governor in this country to demonstrate total and utter incompetence and corruption over the past year. He's got some stiff competition.

In Michigan, Governor Gretchen Whitmer has also done everything she can to encourage people to move to Florida. She is basically Florida's realtor in chief.

First, she issued a stay-at-home lockdown order that didn't apply to her own family. That became obvious just before Memorial Day weekend when her husband really felt the need to get in his boat. So he called up a marina and casually mentioned, "My wife is the governor."

When he was caught doing this, Whitmer claimed her husband was just joking around, right? But she kept going, Gretchen Whitmer. She continued to issue more nonsensical lockdown orders, none of which she had an interest in following herself.



GOV. GRETCHEN WHITMER (D-MI): If you are considering spending Thanksgiving with people outside of your household, I urge you to reconsider.

And I hate to say it, but we know that some people will gather anyway. And odds are that some of these gatherings will spread COVID and contribute to the loss of loved ones.



CARLSON: So just two months after delivering the warning, you just saw, Gretchen Whitmer took her walk daughters to Washington and was surrounded by people outside of her household. She was cavorting with strangers.

As everyone knows, especially California Governor Gavin Newsom, that is the one thing you absolutely can never do.



GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): I want to remind you to limit your mixing with people outside of your household. It's just commonsense. But the data suggests not everybody is practicing commonsense.



CARLSON: Yes, the data suggests not everyone is practicing commonsense. Of course, you'll recall that Gavin Newsom himself was caught at America's most expensive restaurant in Napa in this infamous photograph.

How long until everyone in California and New York gets tired of this hypocrisy and move to Florida?

Karol Markowicz is a "New York Post" columnist. She currently resides in Florida. And that tells you a lot. Karol Markowicz, I appreciate your coming on tonight.

KAROL MARKOWICZ, COLUMNIST, "NEW YORK POST": Thank you.

CARLSON: So these governors have driven the single largest internal migration in this country since the Great Depression. I mean, you really can't hold them responsible for it. Can you not?

MARKOWICZ: Oh, yes, absolutely you can hold them responsible. It would be one thing if their terrible lockdowns actually worked. But Michigan, Massachusetts, New York, obviously, New Jersey, Rhode Island, they all saw more deaths per capita than the more open states like Texas and Florida.

California has the most deaths overall, and they are quickly approaching the Florida numbers per capita. So what did they win? What did they win by destroying the economy, not letting kids go to school and just, you know, ruining their states while forcing people to move to more sane places that were actually following the science?

I'm absolutely -- you know, I'm basically Florida's biggest realtor of the year, because I think it's a normal place where kids are going to school, they're gone to after school, they're playing sports, and it's somewhere that you know, feels like 2019 in a very sane way.

CARLSON: You can see what's going to happen. So a small number of people destroy the states they run and then their allies in the Congress are going to force the rest of us to bail them out. Like that's coming, is it not?

MARKOWICZ: Yes, absolutely. Oh, of course. You see that in every decision that they make. I mean, especially on schools, I think as we watch schools not return, you know, any day now, what they're waiting for is more funding, more funding, more funding.

And as if that's going to solve some sort of problem for them. Yet, schools are open again, in places like, like Florida and Texas, and in many places all over the country and it is working.

It's just in these deep blue areas that are really again, refusing to follow the science, refusing to actually take seriously what this virus is and how we can protect ourselves from it, that have managed to not, you know, not be able to move on from this at all.

Even with the vaccines now they're incapable of moving forward.

CARLSON: Yes, cynical people leading neurotic people right off the edge of a cliff. That's the story of the northeast.

MARKOWICZ: Oh, yes.

CARLSON: Sad. Karol, thank you.

We're out of time tonight, but we will be back Monday and every weeknight at 8:00 p.m., the show that is the sworn enemy of lying pomposity, smugness and groupthink.

Have the best weekend with the ones you love. We will see you soon. Here is Sean Hannity.

The United States has been the most powerful country in the world. Thats the good news. Whats interesting, is that this country has occupied this position for so long, that relatively few Americans have considered what would happen if we slipped from that perch. Would it matter if America became subordinate to other nations? Theres a debate about that. Lets see. At work, does it matter to you who the boss is? It probably does matter. Thats the person who can fire you. The world isnt so different from that. The top countries give the orders, the rest of the planet takes the orders, whether they like it or not. Weve lost sight of that, because, for more than a century, America has effectively been in charge of the world. Thats exactly why weve stayed rich and free for that time. Most Americans on some level understand this is an arrangement worth preserving, if only because the options to it are so much worse. Howd you like to be forced to obey the Chinese Communist Party? Not so much. How do you feel about surrendering the U.S. dollar as the worlds reserve currency and going bankrupt? No thanks. Most of us would like to avoid outcomes like that. 
Thats why we spend more than any county in the world on our military. Theres a reason the Department of Defense is our largest government agency. Its not just because defense contractors are powerful, its because we all agree its really important. In exchange for all that money and power, we expect, in return, the Pentagon will stay up late thinking of ways to keep America strong. The question is, have they been doing that? You can judge for yourself. Most of the generals we see quoted in the press seem more committed to meeting some counterproductive diversity goal  hiring more pregnant air force pilots, assembling the worlds first transgender SEAL team   than on defending the United States. The conflicts the Pentagon says it's preparing for seem comically small and outdated, whether its wrangling with illiterate tribesmen in Afghanistan, ramping up for some new "war" against a remote group of buildings in Syria, wherever the hell Syria is. Can poor, irrelevant countries really be Americas gravest enemies? We act like it. But theyre not. And thats been confirmed tonight, by the way. This nations most formidable foe, the new secretary of defense just announced, is the weather itself. Going forward, the U.S. military has declared a hot war on global warming:  
LLOYD AUSTIN: Today, no nation can find lasting security without addressing the climate crisis. We face all kinds of threats in our line of work, but few of them truly deserve to be called existential. The climate crisis does.
Thats Lloyd Austin, of course. Austin is a former defense contractor, not surprisingly, and a full-time ideologue as well. Having Lloyd Austin at the Pentagon is like handing control of the US military to the editorial page of the New York Times. Austin that the scariest risk our soldier face is the possibility they might serve alongside Americans who didnt vote for Joe Biden: 
LLOYD AUSTIN: And if confirmed, I will fight hard to stamp out sexual assault and to rid our ranks of racists and extremistsThe job of the Department of Defense is to keep America safe from our enemies. But we can't do that if some of those enemies lie within our own ranks.
Hes a joke and a mediocrity, and of course, he was confirmed by the Senate as if he was impressive, but hes not, and the results are entirely predictable. A new report in Revolver News puts a finer point on what exactly is happening at the Pentagon under Lloyd Austin. Austin has hired an activist called  Bishop Garrison as the head of the militarys vast "diversity and inclusion" apparatus  a group of offices that has nothing to do with fighting and winning wars. Spend five minutes Googling Bishop Garrison. Treat yourself. Hes a lunatic. A few years ago, he announced that anyone who supports Donald Trump  tens of millions of American citizens, many of whom have served in the military  is a white supremacist. And he said "there is no room for nuance" on that question. Garrison wrote a lot of things like that.  You could google them, and you should. Now hes one of the most powerful officials in the U.S. military. Democrats in Congress are thrilled as they watched this. Their party now has all the tanks and drones. What's strange is Republicans dont seem to have noticed that it happened. Theyre still giving the same vacuous speeches about "the troops" and signing off on ever-expanding defense budgets with no oversight. The effect: The same fighting force that for generations we have been so proud of  the people who stormed Saipan and Guadalcanal - has been captured without a shot by rejects from the Google HR department, and its defenders, the defenders of the troops, cant be bothered to say a word about it. Do they have a television? Have they seen the Armys latest recurring ad?  
EMMA: This is the story of a soldier who operates your nations patriot missile defense systems. It begins in California with a little girl raised by two momsAlthough I had a fairly typical childhood--took ballet, played violin--I also marched for equality. I like to think Ive been defending freedom from an early ageA way to prove my inner strength, and maybe shatter some stereotypes along the way.
"I also marched for equality." Oh, shut up. Who cares? Please stop talking about yourself for once. Its boring and irrelevant and insulting. This is not just your country, it belongs to all of us. Your job is to defend it, please do so. Its becoming clear they have no interest in defending it. Heres the latest evidence. It comes from CBS in a clip from a 60 Minutes report on UFOs and the military. 
BILL WHITAKER: A Navy aircrew struggles to lock onto a fast-moving object off the US Atlantic coast in 2015. Recently released images may not convince UFO skeptics but the Pentagon admits it doesnt know what in the world this isor thisor this"
Oh, UFOs, theyre spooky and kinda funny. Crazy people believe in them. Up until you get to the line, "The Pentagon admits it doesnt know what in the world this is." Thats all you need to know. From a national security perspective, thats a very big problem. How big a problem is it? One Navy pilot said military observed unidentified objects maneuvering in restricted airspace off the coast of Virginia "every day" for two years: 
BILL WHITAKER:  The Pentagon confirms these are images of objects it cant identify. Lt Graves told us pilots training off the Atlantic coast see things like that all the time.
LIEUTENANT RYAN GRAVES: Every day. Every day for at least a couple years.
BILL WHITAKER: Every day for a couple years? 
LIEUTENANT RYAN GRAVES: Mm-hmm.
Flying in restricted airspace is not a small thing. Try that in your Cessna 172 off Virginia Beach sometime. Youll get very wet, very fast. Youll be killed, actually. Yet the Pentagon did nothing after two full years of daily incursions. Why didnt they? Were guessing, but one possible explanation: they couldnt. Our military was completely outmatched technologically by whatever these were. And whatever they were, they werent weather balloons.  
Heres what Lue Elizondo, the former director of the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program said: 
BILL WHITAKER: You know how this sounds. It sounds nutty, wacky 
LUIS ELIZONDO: Look Im not telling you that it doesnt sound wacky. Im telling you its realImagine a technology that can do 600 to 700 G-forces, that can fly 13,000 miles an hour, that, that can evade radar and can fly through air and water and possibly space, and oh, by the way, has no obvious signs of propulsion, no wings, no control surfaces and yet still can defy the natural effects of Earths gravity. Thats precisely what were seeing. 
Sound like a potential threat? You think? So what has the Pentagon done about it? Well, we dont know the full story as of tonight. But we dont know that theyve done anything about it, and then cover the fact they ignored it by declaring the whole subject classified for decades, then spending the rest of the day thinking about how to bomb Syria again and rid the marine corps of people who voted for Donald Trump.
Who is flying spotted UFOs?Video
The sad thing is, we have a whole new branch of the military perfectly designed to assess what these things are, and figure out if theyre a threat or not, and maybe respond. If there was ever a reason to have a Space Force, this is it. But Space Force is otherwise occupied these days. Theyre busy conducting political purges of their own ranks, as all the branches of the military are. Lt. Col. Matthew Lohmeier, commanded a Space Force unit until the White House decided his politics were unacceptable: 
MATTHEW LOHMEIER: Since taking command as a commander about 10 months ago, I saw what I consider fundamentally incompatible and competing narratives of what America was, is, and should be. That wasnt just prolific in social media or throughout the country during this past year, but it was spreading throughout the United States military. And I had recognized those narratives as being Marxist in nature."
So, every day for two years, unidentified flying objects behaving in ways that seemed to contradict what we know about physics, and the U.S. military is spending its time purging its ranks. What does this remind you of? Maybe the Soviet army 1938: A clear and present threat appears on the horizon, but the people in charge are so obsessed with political purity and loyalty to the Party, they cant respond, because theyre absorbed in attacking their own organization. When they say that all revolutions are the same, theyre right. 
UFOs, it turns out, are real, and whatever else they are, theyre a prima facie challenge to the United States military. Theyre doing things the U.S. military does not allow, and theyre doing it with impunity. And they appear to be focused on the U.S. military. UFOs for decades have appeared to have clustered around our military installations  our ships and aircraft, with no real response from the Pentagon except more secrecy. At one point, unidentified flying objects apparently shut down a nuclear weapons facility at an air force base in Montana. Ten ICBMS  Intercontinental ballistic missiles - were temporarily knocked offline -- at the same time base security noticed a glowing red object floating in the sky. It sounds like it was out of a movie, but it happened. That was decades ago. Many more UFOs have been sighted near our nuclear weapons facilities since.  
According to journalist George Knapp, quote, "All of the nuclear facilitiesLos Alamos, Livermore, Sandia, Savannah Riverall had dramatic incidents where these unknown aircraft appeared over the facilities and nobody knew where they were from or what they were doing there." For decades this has happened. Apparently, no one knows why. No one seems especially alarmed. In the 1950s some people were worried about this. A declassified FBI document from 70 years ago describes unknown flying objects measuring approximately 50 feet in diameter in the vicinity of the Los Alamos labs.  
More recently, the Pentagon has declassified footage from a UFO incident in 2004, and two UFO incidents from 2015. Those incidents were recorded by Navy pilots during training flights, right now on your screen. We have no explanation for what these objects are. 
Just days ago, the Pentagon confirmed that an 18-second video of three UFOs harassing a U.S. warship -- the USS Russell -- is real. The footage was shot back in July 2019 and collected by the Pentagons UFO Task Force before it was obtained by journalist Jeremy Corbell. 
So the question is: what are these things? Why are they buzzing our skies? Why do they seem attracted to our U.S. military? And above all, why isnt the Pentagon more focused on this? It seems like a threat if there ever was one. 